--- Page 1 ---
PDF version of this parish newsletter *PDF here*:  
You can also access an online -web- copy of the E-newsletter *Webcopy here* 
 
Surfers Paradise Catholic Parish E-Newsletter 
Parish Office (new): (07) 5671 7388 (Mon-Thurs: 9 am – 2 pm; & Fri: 9 am -12 noon)  
Email: surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  | Website: www.surfersparadiseparish.com.au  
Emergencies: Priest contactable via office phone (after hours, follow the menu prompts) 
50 Fairway Drive, Clear Island Waters, Queensland, 4226 
Safeguarding officer -(Robyn Hunt) email=  lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au   
https://tinyurl.com/SPCPsite    
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -  https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding 
This is Kombumerri Country, which is the traditional custodian of this region.  (see here) 
- Fr Paul PP,   Fr Bradley Associate Pastor -  
 
Sunday, June 14, 2026 Eleventh Sunday in Ordinary Time. Year A 
Readings for Sunday, June 14, 2026 - Eleventh Sunday in Ordinary Time. Year A 
 FIRST READING- Exod 19:2-6a 
 Ps 100:1-2, 3, 5. “We are his people. The sheep of his flock.” 
 SECOND READING- Rom 5:6-11 
 GOSPEL ACCLAMATION (Mark 1:15). ALLELUIA, ALLELUIA. The kingdom of God is near. 
Repent and believe the good news. 
 GOSPEL- Matt 9:36—10:8 
“When he saw the crowds, he had compassion on them, because they were harassed 
and helpless, like sheep without a shepherd.” (Matt 9:36) 
 
Image Credit- Shutterstock Licensed. Stock Photo ID: Stock Photo ID: 1497760025 - Secovska Polianka, Slovakia. 2019/8/22. The icon of Moses and Israelites in the desert receiving 
Manna from God. The Greek Catholic church of Saint Elijah. Important information. Editorial Use Only. Photo Contributor: Adam Jan Figel 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 2 ---
We congratulate the CRAWFORD, PERRING, GROVER & RIZZO families whose 
children AUGUST, ELLIS, HALLE, HENRY & FLETCHER will be baptised in our Parish 
this week.  Please keep the Baptism families in your prayers as they begin their 
faith journey .  
 
PASTOR’S POST -  
We are God’s beloved children—called, loved, and embraced beyond 
measure. We do not earn this identity, nor do we deserve it by our own 
efforts.  
 
We are sons and daughters of God because of his generous and 
overflowing love. It is God who reaches out and invites us into a 
relationship with him.  
 
At first, Jesus’ message was directed to the people of Israel, those who 
were first called by God. But God’s love is not limited. In time, this 
invitation was extended to all people, in every nation. God’s love is so 
wide and deep that there is always room for one more.  
 
Our world today can feel noisy and confusing. There are many voices and 
mixed messages, making it hard to find peace and meaning. Many people 
feel lost, like sheep without a shepherd. God calls us to go out, share his 
love, and guide others gently toward hope and safety.  
 
God also strengthens us along the way. In Scripture, the place called 
Rephidim became a place of rest and support. Even when the people 
struggled, God provided water from the rock and gave them help through 
others. In the same way, God supports us through our community.  
 
We are called to mission, not because we are perfect, but because we are 
loved. We live this mission through simple acts of kindness, compassion, 
and service. Our actions, more than words alone, show God’s love to the 
world. 
 
Fr Paul  
 
 
 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 3 ---
Save the Date – 40th Anniversary 
Celebration Mass at Sacred Heart Church 
COME BRING A PLATE AND LET’S 
CELEBRATE 
We warmly invite you to join us for this special 
celebration  at the  Sacred Heart Church Clear 
Island Waters on  📅 Sunday, 21 June 2026 
for the 40th Anniversary Mass, also our 80th 
anniversary since becoming a separate Parish.  
In May 1986, St Vincent’s Catholic Church in 
Surfers Paradise was dedicated and  opened. One 
month later, in June 1986, Sacred Heart Church, St Vincent’s School, at 
Clear Island Waters were also established. 
This year, we joyfully celebrate the 40th anniversary of our parish 
community and parish school. 
We warmly invite you to join us for this special celebration: 
also our 80th anniversary since becoming a separate Parish.  
 On  📅 Sunday, 21 June 2026 
 🕘 9:00 am at Sacred Heart Church Clear Island Waters 
We hope you can join our parish community and four parish schools as 
we celebrate this important milestone together. 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 4 ---
ST VINCENT DE PAUL ANNUAL WINTER APPEAL (2026) 
 
2026 Winter Appeal for our Surfers Paradise Conference.   
Many of you are familiar with the work of St Vincent de Paul or “Vinnies” as we’re often called.  
For those who are not we are a lay catholic organisation made up of everyday people who simply 
want to lend a hand to those in need.  On the Gold Coast, especially Surfers Paradise and 
surrounding suburbs, that need has never been greater.  Unfortunately, a growing number of 
people face the risk of homelessness because of rising rents and increased cost of living.  
Last year our members made 669 visits to individuals and families, doing it tough.  We provided 
$104,000 worth of food, grocery gift cards, clothing, rent assistance, essential furniture and 
educational support to children.  
Our Surfers Paradise conference receives no government funding. We’re all volunteers and we 
rely on donations from our parishioners at our annual Winter and Christmas appeals.  All money 
raised stays in our parish community to help struggling individuals and families keep a roof over 
their head and provide food and essential support.  
Please support our local Saint Vincent de Paul Winter Appeal -  it will be held at all parish masses on the 
weekend of 20 & 21 June 2026.   
It is so special and part of our parish it will also be held at our Fortieth Anniversary Mass 
as it’s a wonderful expression of the prayer and action this parish values.  
 
STELLA MARIS 7 AM SUNDAY MORNING MASS  
FOR 5th JULY - CANCELLED - (For this particular Sunday only) 
 
Please note that due to the Gold Coast Marathon on Sunday 5th July, the usual 7 am Mass 
at Stella Maris will be cancelled for this Sunday only.   
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 5 ---
SAINT CARLO ACUTIS HOLY RELIC WILL BE VISITING SACRED HEART CHURCH 
 
MONDAY 6th July 2026. 
Sacred Heart Catholic Church  
50 Fairway Drive. Clear Island Waters . Queensland 4226. 
Accompanied by  
Monsignor Anthony Figueiredo -  a Catholic priest and the Director of International Aﬀairs for the 
Diocese of Assisi, Italy. He serves as the oﬃcial custodian of the pericardium relic of Saint Carlo 
Acutis, the ﬁrst millennial Saint.  
9am Mass - Monsignor Anthony the principal celebrant and preach during the Mass.  
9:45am Veneration of the relic 
10:30am Morning tea 
11am Rosary with meditations from Carlo Acutis 
11:30am Adoration and Confession 
BBQ 1pm 
All Day Exhibition in the Parish Hospitality Centre 
4pm Finish  
  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 6 ---
Monsignor Anthony can give talks during the day. A family BBQ. 
  
The Eucharistic Miracles Exhibition can be set up all day for people to peruse at their leisure, we 
will also have books for sale. 
 
Description of Pilgrim Relic of Carlo Acutis 
 
The First Class pilgrim relic is 6 cm in length and 2 cm high, and preserved in a reliquary 33 cm high and 17 
cm wide, and is carried worldwide by the Diocese of Assisi, as custodian of the relics of Carlo Acutis, and 
respecting Church guidelines.  
  
It is a section of the Saint’s pericardium, the membrane that surrounds the heart. This is a sac filled with water 
that encloses the heart and the great vessels, holding them in place and protecting the body’s most important 
organ. The relic, therefore, is of major importance physiologically.   
  
The pericardium also contains deep spiritual meaning. The heart is the body’s most important organ; it is also 
the seat of our sentiments and actions. From the heart is born and lives our relationship with the Lord: “You 
shall love the Lord your God with all your heart” (Dt 6,5, Mt 22,37).  
  
Moreover, when the side of Jesus was pierced on the Cross, “blood and water immediately flowed out” (Jn 
19,34). Life giving blood, symbol of the Eucharist – to which Carlo Acutis was especially attached as his 
“highway to Heaven” – came from Christ’s Sacred Heart; water, symbol of Baptism – “the basis of the whole 
Christian life” (Catechism of the Catholic Church, n. 1213) – came from the Lord’s pericardium.  
  
Saint Carlo Acutis desired a living relationship with Jesus from a very young age. He wished to receive his 
First Holy Communion when only 7 years of age and on that day told his parents: “Always to be united to 
Jesus. This is my programme of life.” He protected and nurtured this most important of relationships with his 
“spiritual” pericardium of 5 practices or appointments: frequent reception of the Eucharistic Jesus, Adoration, 
spiritual direction and confession, devotion to the Blessed Mother and the saints, and acts of charity. It led him 
and can lead us to be saints, living just as he lived.   
  
Concluding his homily to one million young people gathered in Rome for the Jubilee of Youth on 3 August 
2025, Pope Leo XIV recommended specifically Saint Carlo’s” programme of life” and his 5 steps as the way to 
holiness:    
  
“Jesus is our hope … Let us remain united to him, let us remain in his friendship, always, cultivating it through 
prayer, adoration, Eucharistic Communion, frequent Confession, and generous charity, following the examples of 
Blessed Piergiorgio Frassati and Blessed Carlo Acutis.  Aspire to great things, to holiness, wherever you are. Do 
not settle for less. You will then see the light of the Gospel growing every day, in you and around you. I entrust you 
to the Virgin Mary, Our Lady of Hope.”    
  
In St. Peter’s Square for the Mass and Canonization of Blessed Pier Giorgio Frassati and Carlo Acutis (7 
September 2025), the Holy Father spoke again of the five steps to being a saint:  
  
“Both Pier Giorgio and Carlo cultivated their love for God and for their brothers and sisters through simple acts, 
available to everyone: daily Mass, prayer, and especially Eucharistic Adoration. Carlo used to say: ‘In front of the 
sun, you get a tan. In front of the Eucharist, you become a saint!’ And again: ‘Sadness is looking at yourself; 
happiness is looking at God. Conversion is nothing more than shifting your gaze from below to above; a simple 
movement of the eyes is enough.’ Another essential practice for them was frequent Confession. Carlo wrote: ‘The 
only thing we really have to fear is sin’; and he marvelled because — in his own words — “people are so 
concerned with the beauty of their bodies and do not care about the beauty of their souls.” Finally, both had a 
great devotion to the saints and to the Virgin Mary, and they practiced charity generously. Pier Giorgio said: 
‘Around the poor and the sick, I see a light that we do not have.’ He called charity ‘the foundation of our religion’ 
and, like Carlo, he practiced it above all through small, concrete gestures, often hidden, living what Pope Francis 
called ‘a holiness found in our next-door neighbors’ (Apostolic Exhortation Gaudete et Exsultate, 7).”  
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 7 ---
ST CARLO ACUTIS’ RELIC ON THE GOLD COAST 
ONE DAY ONLY 
MONDAY 6TH JULY, 2026 
SACRED HEART CHURCH, CLEAR ISLAND WATERS 
Commencing with 9am Mass with Monsignor Anthony Figueriredo preaching 
9:45am Veneration of the relic – Pericardium 1st Class Relic 
10:30am Morning tea 11am Rosary with meditations from Carlo Acutis 11:30am 
Adoration and Confession 
BBQ Lunch bring the family 
All day display of The Eucharistic Miracles Exhibition in Parish Hospitality 
Centre 4pm Finish 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 8 ---
+++++ 
 
MASS TIMES CHANGES AT SAINT VINCENT’S SURFERS 
As we assess the future viability of our masses and acknowledge that we may 
not always have the regular assistance of our much-appreciated retired priests 
who live and minister within our parish, it is time to “future-proof” our 
schedules. Our goal is to enable the two permanently appointed priests of the 
parish (currently Fr Paul and Fr Bradley), to celebrate most of the parish 
masses, when needed, if our wonderful supply priests are not available to 
support. 
 
We still intend to roster our current priests within the parish for as long as 
they feel able and are available. However, in situations where they are 
not—for various reasons—we can now cover the masses with our full-time 
priest staff of two. 
 
St Vincent’s Church in Hamilton Avenue now operates on a new timetable. 
Masses are now at 9:00 am and 11:00 am on Sundays. 
 
Reason for the change: 
Increasingly, a priest who might celebrate the 7:00 am Stella Mass may have 
to rush to celebrate an 8:00 am Mass. This is not really feasible or safe, and is 
rushed and stressful and gives no opportunity for the priest to pastorally 
engage with the congregation after Mass.  
 
In the past, we had a vocalist and organist who regularly rushed from playing 
at the 7:00 am Mass to the 8:00 am Mass, which was not sustainable or safe, 
and we raised these logistical difficulties several times in the past.  
 
Benefits of the new roster. 
The new roster could allow one musician to play at several masses without 
being unacceptably pressured to arrive and be ready for the next Mass. 
 
It enables roster changes without excessive stress, even with events that occur 
suddenly or with little notice. 
 
This rostering approach aims to be flexible and practical, ensuring smooth 
Mass operations and reducing strain on staff and volunteers.  
 
Fr Paul 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 9 ---
BAPTISM INVITATION - LUKE BLACKHURST  
BAPTISM INVITATION- 
We have just booked the baptism of our new baby, 
Luke Nathaniel, for Sunday 5th of July, 2026 at Sacred 
Heart. When we baptised his 
older sister, Hannah, we put an 
invitation in the Newsletter and 
had over 30 parishioners come, 
it was really beautiful. We would 
love it if we could do an open 
invitation in the Newsletter 
again. We'll be having food and 
drinks at the Cafe next door as 
well which everyone is welcome 
too.  
 
 
 
 
Important Announcement: 
Please do not use the parking spaces of the Inspiring Choices HQ (the 
former Centacare Building Office) - Their management will take necessary 
action of towing vehicles - at the vehicle owner’s expense - not 
authorised to park in the reserved parking spaces for their patients and 
staff.  Thank you.  
  
ENCOUNTER CATHOLIC KIDS -  Holiday Program -  
CHILDREN'S HOLIDAY ACTIVITY  
ECK Surfers Paradise  
When: Thursday 2nd July 
Time: 9:00am - 3:00pm 
Supervision from 8:30am - 5:00pm 
Where: Hospitality Centre: Surfers Paradise Catholic Parish, 50 Fairway Dr, Clear Island Waters 
                                 Register now here:  https://app.tickets.org.au/eb/ECKHP_Surfers  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 10 ---
Below are some shots from the fun our children had on that day in January. 
 
 
+++++ 
Caritas Australia Lebanon Emergency Appeal 
Lebanon is facing one of its most severe humanitarian 
crises in years, as a sudden surge in violence and 
mass evacuation orders force families to flee with 
nothing. 
Within 24 hours, Caritas Lebanon reported 667,831 
newly displaced people seeking safety. Despite the 
volatile environment, Caritas Lebanon teams are 
operating across seven governorates, delivering food, 
essential items, healthcare, psychosocial support, water 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 11 ---
and hygiene assistance, and protection services.  
Let us stand in solidarity with our partners in Lebanon. 
Learn more or make a donation today at 
www.caritas.org.au/lebanon 
 
Urgent Attention  
Please do not park across the footpath at St Vincent’s 
church.  You will likely be issued with a parking fine.   
Parking past the gate also prevents pedestrians from 
being able to use the footpath.   
+++++++++++++++++++++ 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 12 ---
REFLECTION BY SISTER LIS KEANE:  
  
I love story-telling, so I would like to tell you 
about a woman who had a profound 
influence on my life. 
 
A long time ago when I was studying, a 
lecturer introduced himself on the first day 
of the course and challenged us to get to 
know someone we had never met before.  I 
stood up to look around when a gentle 
hand touched my shoulder.  I turned round 
to find a wrinkled, little old lady beaming up 
at me with a smile that lit up her whole 
being. ‘Hi gorgeous’, she said, ‘my name is 
Rose.  I am eighty-seven years old. Can I 
give you a hug?’  I laughed and 
enthusiastically responded, ‘Of course’, and 
she gave me a hearty squeeze. 
 
‘Why are you here at such a young, innocent age?’ I asked. 
 
She jokingly replied, ‘I’m here to meet a rich husband, get married and have a 
couple of kids…’ 
 
‘No, seriously’, I asked. I was curious what would have motivated her to be taking 
on this challenge at her age. 
 
‘I always dreamed of having a university education and now I’m getting one!’ she 
told me. 
 
We became instant friends, and I was always mesmerised listening to this ‘time 
machine’ as she shared her wisdom and experience with me. 
 
Over the course of the year, Rose became a well-known figure and she easily made 
friends wherever she went.  She revelled in the attention the other students gave 
her – she was really living it up!  At the end of the semester, we invited Rose to 
speak at our dinner.  I will never forget what she taught us.  She was introduced and 
stepped up to the microphone.  As she began to deliver her prepared speech, she 
dropped all the cards with her speech on the floor.  Frustrated and a little 
embarrassed, she leaned into the microphone and simply said, “I’m sorry I am so 
nervous.  I gave up beer for Lent and this whisky is killing me!’ 
 
As we laughed, she cleared her throat and began, ‘We do not stop playing because 
we are old; we grow old because we stop playing.  There are only four secrets to 
staying young, being happy, and achieving success. 
·      You have to laugh and find humour every day. 
·      You’ve got to have a dream.  When you lose your dreams, you die.  We have 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 13 ---
so many people walking around who are dead and don’t even know it! 
·      There is a huge difference between growing old and growing up.  If you are 
nineteen years old and lie in bed for one full year and don’t do one productive thing, 
you will still turn twenty years old. If I am eighty-seven years old and stay in bed for 
a year and never do anything, I will still turn eighty-eight.  Anybody can grow older.  
That doesn’t take any talent or ability.  The idea is to grow up by always finding 
opportunity to change. 
·      Have no regrets.  The elderly usually don’t have regrets for what we did, but 
rather for things we did not do.  The only people who fear death are those with 
regrets. 
 
Rose finished the degree she had desired all those years ago. 
 
And one week after graduation Rose died peacefully in her sleep. 
 
Over two thousand students attended her funeral in tribute to the wonderful woman 
who taught by example that it is never too late to be all you can possibly be. 
 
This is what I learnt from Rose. 
 
REMEMBER: Growing older is mandatory; Growing up is optional. 
 
We make a living by what we get; we make a Life by what we give. 
 
God promises a safe landing, not a calm passage. 
 
If God brings you to it, He will bring you through it. 
 
I would like to pay this Tribute to all Women. 
Women have strengths that amaze men.  They bear hardships and they carry 
burdens, but they also hold happiness, love and joy. 
 
They smile when they want to scream; they sing when they want to cry; they cry 
when they are happy and laugh when they are nervous; they fight for what they 
believe in; and they stand up for injustice. 
 
They don’t take ‘no’ for an answer when they believe there is a better solution. 
 
They go without, so their family can have, and they go to the doctor with a 
frightened friend. 
 
They love unconditionally; they cry when their children excel and cheer when their 
friends get awards. 
 
They are happy when they hear about a birth or a wedding; their hearts break when 
a friend dies; they grieve at the loss of a family member; yet they are strong when 
they think there is no strength left; they know that a hug and a kiss can heal a 
broken heart. 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 14 ---
Women come in all shapes, sizes and colours … 
 
They will drive, fly, walk, run or email you to show how much they care about you. 
 
The heart of a woman is what makes the world keep turning. 
 
They bring joy, hope and love.  They have compassion and ideas; they give moral 
support to their family and friends. 
 
Women have vital things to say and everything to give. 
 
However, if there is one flaw in women, it is that they forget their 
worth and what they can give to the world. 
 
From: Elisabeth Keane <Elisabeth.Keane@loreto.org.au>  
 
WOOL PROJECT  
  NEEDED - WOOL 
OR ACRYLIC YARN 
Once again, we are 
grateful to the very 
generous people who 
have donated cash and 
wool to the 'crochet 
club' with Sr. Lis Keane 
and Mary Lepp. Thank 
you so very much, and 
the first shipment of 
beautiful, colourful rugs 
is on its way to Perth 
and then on to the 
disabled children, along 
with their wheelchairs. Our Grateful Thanks to all.   Sr Lis and 
Mary🙏🤗 
 
Sr. Lis Keane and Mary Lepp are seeking donations of 8-ply wool 
or acrylic yarn to assist the ladies at Numinbah Prison who are 
crocheting rugs to go with Br. Ollie's Wheelchairs for Disabled 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 15 ---
Children in disadvantaged countries. Your assistance with either 
yarn (note: there are no colour restrictions) or small cash 
donations ($20 - $25.00) would be very gratefully received and 
can be left at Sacred Heart Church or Office under either of our 
names. Our prayers and grateful thanks for your help.  
Sr Lis Keane and Mary Lepp.    
  ++++++ 
A letter in the style of Jane Austen: 
 
It is a truth both comforting and humbling that we are the 
beloved children of God—called, cherished, and received with a 
generosity that far exceeds our deserving. This identity is not 
secured by diligence nor earned through merit; rather, it is 
bestowed freely, arising from a love that is at once steadfast 
and abundant. God, in His kindness, makes the first advance, 
inviting us into a relationship marked not by obligation, but by 
grace.  
 
Though this invitation was first extended to the people of Israel, 
it was never intended to remain their exclusive treasure. In time, 
it widened most graciously to embrace every nation and every 
heart willing to receive it. God’s love, one discovers, is of such 
breadth that it admits no scarcity; there is always room at His 
table for one more.  
 
In a world bustling with opinions and restless with uncertainty, 
many find themselves bewildered and unmoored, like sheep 
without guidance. It is here that we are gently called to act—not 
with grandeur, but with quiet fidelity—offering others some 
reflection of the hope we ourselves have received.  
 
We are not sent forth alone. As at Rephidim, where help 
appeared amidst hardship, so too are we strengthened through 
the steady support of community and grace. Our mission, then, 
is not perfection, but love made visible in small acts of 
kindness, compassion, and care—conduct that speaks more 
persuasively than words ever could. 
   {JA & PK}   
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 16 ---
ART FROM THE HOLY LANDS 
A LITTLE PIECE OF BETHLEHEM IN THE FORM OF ART 
We are very aware of how terrible the situation is in the Holy Lands.  So much uncertainty and destruction. 
Usually the Holy Lands are a very busy place for pilgrimages - but with the violence and destruction -the 
people in the region are isolated and have very few pilgrims or visitors. From time to time I have obtained 
various holy objects from the Holy Lands, particularly Bethlehem, for their spiritual significance and as an 
assistance to prayer and contemplation.  It also happens to help the Christian artists and families and 
religious supplies people who are doing it extremely tough spiritually, economically and physically.   
 
I thought it might be nice to present some stunning items of religious significance for your consideration.   
These are mosaics, made by local artists there from small coloured rocks and placed into frames.   We have 
a few such items in the Sacred Heart Church already, (purchased through private funds), namely Jesus the 
Good Shepherd, and also Saint Michael the Archangel in the parish office foyer.   
 
Here are some items from Bethlehem artists. If anyone wanted to purchase an item for their own use or 
for donation to the church, it could add great inspiration to people’s prayer life and also help struggling 
artists in the Holy Lands.  These pictures are very large, and printed below (not to scale).  
 
Palm Sunday 1.2 metres x 1.6metres (stone mosaic, framed) - USD$9,000 (frame and shipping included) 
The Holy Family = USD$7,500 1mx1.4m (shipping included) 
Jesus Washes the disciples’ feet= USD$6,000.   1.2m x 1.2m (shipping included) 
The Miraculous catch of fish=  USD $11,000 - very large - 2m x 1.6 m  
+++ 
 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 17 ---
Please subscribe to The Catholic Leader in print.  
- Many of you may already know The Catholic Leader, our Archdiocesan Catholic 
newspaper 
- It has shared stories of faith, service and hope from parishes and communities 
across our Archdiocese for nearly 100 years 
- The print edition relies on the support of our Catholic community to continue 
- An annual subscription costs $70 and includes 12 editions delivered directly to 
your home. 
- To enjoy faith-filled stories and to help you stay connected to the life of the 
Church, subscribe to the Catholic Leader    
- To subscribe to the Catholic Leader you can call 3324 3555 or visit their website 
https://catholicleader.com.au/subscribe/  
- Please inquire at the Parish Office if you would like the Catholic Leaders contact 
details or more information. 
++++++++++++++ 
 
THE JUBILEE YEAR OF SAINT FRANCIS OF 
ASSISI (2026) 
800TH ANNIVERSARY OF SAINT FRANCIS OF ASSISI. 
Quotes: 
special -  
https://www.franciscans.ie/latest-news/the-heart-of-franciscan-prayer/  
 
Prayer is an invitation to grow in love: as we grow into God’s life, God’s life grows in 
us. We are reborn in the Spirit through the power of love, entering into the chaos 
and uncertainty of the world. Love does not retreat from suffering and pain but 
enters into the darkness of life with energy and hope that the future will be 
different; love creatively empowers life toward more life.  
 
Life in God is a gamble in love that requires faithful commitment, even when 
darkness persists and suffering prevails. To grow in love through prayer is to throw 
ourselves into the heart of God…. Only when we can weep at what is not yet loved 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 18 ---
can we live into a new reality; for love is waiting to be born. This is the heart of 
Franciscan prayer.  
  
 
Adapted from - Ilia Delio, preface to Franciscan Prayer: Awakening to Oneness with 
God (Cincinnati, OH: Franciscan Media, 2024), vii–viii, ix–x.   
 
++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
 
 
THE BIBLE TIMELINE – THE STORY OF 
SALVATION 
ADULT FAITH FORMATION BIBLE STUDY 
CONTINUES on LAST SUNDAY OF THE MONTH 
2026 
Next gathering Sunday 28 June 2026 
 What an enormous effort by those who 
have participated - only 4 sessions left. 
 
Session 20 - Messianic Fulfilment - Part 111 - 28th June 2026 
Session 21 - The Church - Part 1- 30th August 2026 
Session 22 - The Church Part 11 - 27th September 2026 
Session 23 - The Church Part 111 - 25th October 2026 
 
In the Parish Hospitality Centre - (next to Sacred Heart Church),  50 
Fairway Drive, Clear Island Waters, Queensland 4226, on the Last Sunday 
of the month from 10 am – 12 pm.  
There is no cost; however, to participate, you will need to purchase The Bible 
Timeline: The Story of Salvation Study Set, which can be obtained from Ascension 
Press or Garrett Publishing - ask the office if we have any still on hand first.  The 
Study Set will contain The Bible Timeline Study Book, Chart and Bookmark -  
https://ascensionpress.com/    https://garrattpublishing.com.au/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 19 ---
Caritas Australia End of Financial Year Appeal 
As we approach the end of the financial year, Caritas 
Australia invites you to help families facing conflict, hunger 
and displacement. Your support is needed to get critical aid 
into countries like Sudan, which is facing the largest 
humanitarian crisis in the world today. Over 30 million 
people are in urgent need of assistance, the healthcare 
system has collapsed, and families are facing chronic food 
insecurity. Your tax‑deductible gift this End of Financial Year 
can provide lifesaving essentials such as nutritious food, 
clean water and vital medicines to families in need. 
Make a donation today at 
https://www.caritas.org.au/make-hunger-history 
++++++++++  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 20 ---
Surfers Paradise Catholic Parish 
         Youth Group  
- Ignis Dei (Fire of God) 
                
Next gathering Sunday, 14th June  
 7pm to 9pm in the Parish Hospitality 
Centre, 
50 Fairway Drive, Clear Island Waters 
 
Come along as we have a bite to eat, and journey through some activities. 
Finalising the night with Night Prayer from the Liturgy of the Hours (Divine Office). 
+++++++++++++    
ASCEND - IGNITE CONFERENCE 2026.    24-27 SEPTEMBER 2026                                                             
 
+++++++++++++++++++ 
FIRST FRIDAY ADORATION 
Friday, July  3rd 2026. At Sacred Heart Catholic Church. 50 Fairway Drive. 
Clear Island Waters. 4226. From 7 pm  
 
 
FIRST SATURDAY  MASS  -  
Saturday 4th July, 2026. 9 am Sacred Heart Church. First Saturday schedule 
for Mass, Adoration and Benediction on the First Saturday of each month.  
 
Anointing Mass – Mass of Healing FIRST TUESDAY OF THE MONTH 
(February-November Inclusive) 
Tuesday 7th July 2026. At 10 am, followed by a cuppa and refreshments. 
Sacred Heart Catholic Church. 50 Fairway Drive. Clear Island Waters. 4226.  
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 21 ---
+++ 
Saint Vincent de Paul Society Reflections 
 
For more details on the conference's activities, please contact Conference President 
Wendy Webb at wendy.webb@svdpqld.org.au   
 
THIS WEEK... 
Reflect on the people we have assisted and the blessings they have given us. 
 
PRAYER 
Glory be to the Father, and to the Son and the Holy Spirit. Amen 
 
CALLED TO SERVICE 
Ex 19:2-6 
Rom 5:6-11 
Mt 9:36-10:8 
 
In the verse directly before today’s gospel, Matthew tells us that Jesus is travelling the 
countryside proclaiming the good news of the kingdom and curing every disease and 
sickness. He sees that the people are “harassed and dejected, like sheep without a 
shepherd.” He sees the enormity of the need and also, the need for others to assist him in 
bringing the good news to the people. He is also aware that despite the great need, the 
labourers needed for this role were few. 
 
So, he commissions the Apostles to go out in his name, to proclaim the good news that the 
kingdom of Heaven is close at hand. And who are they sent out to find and assist? The sick, 
the lost, the excluded, and those on the margins of society are the ones in need of a 
shepherd to give them direction and provide care. 
 
Jesus saw a real need in his time, and it appears that not much has changed in our world 
today. There are many who are lost, rejected and living on the fringes of society. People 
who are in real need. People who need to be accepted, loved and accepted with open arms 
much the same as Jesus did. 
 
As Vincentians we are called to service, called to see the needs and to respond as the 
apostles did in the Gospel. Our Rule states that it is a Vincentian Vocation (1.2) 
 
“The vocation of the Society’s members……is to follow Christ through service to those in 
need and to bear witness to His compassionate and liberating love. Members show their 
commitment through person-to-person contact.” And in doing so, we proclaim the kingdom 
of God, not in words but in compassionate action. (Reflection by Greg Ryan) 
 
How am I called to serve my local community? 
 
 
+++++++++++++++ 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 22 ---
MASS TIMES: SURFERS PARADISE MASS TIMES 
 
Sacred Heart  
50 Fairway Drive 
Clear Island Waters, 
4226 
 
Saturday Night - 5 pm  (Note: Reconciliations from 4-4.30 pm at 
Sacred Heart) 
+ (Maronite Mass, 6:30 pm, Saturday Night).  
 
Sunday -  Sacred Heart  
 9 am and 6 pm (at Sacred Heart - Clear Island Waters) 
+ (Polish Mass 12:30 pm Sunday) 
+ (Italian Mass 4 pm Sunday at Sacred Heart Church) 
 
Weekday Masses - Monday - Friday weekday Mass - 9 a.m.  (all at 
Sacred Heart)  
*(Healing Mass -  Anointing Mass – Mass of Healing FIRST TUESDAY 
OF THE MONTH (February-November Inclusive). 
Tuesday 7th July   2026. At 10 am. 
followed by a cuppa and refreshments. Sacred Heart Catholic Church. 
50 Fairway Drive. Clear Island Waters. 4226. 
 
* First Friday Night adoration -3rd July, 2026. At Sacred Heart Catholic 
Church. 50 Fairway Drive. Clear Island Waters. 4226. From 7 pm to 
8.30 pm.  All are welcome. Enquiries: Helen 0421935678. "Could you 
not watch with me for one hour?" Mt 26:40}.  
 
 FIRST SATURDAY  MASS  - Saturday 4th July  2026. At 9 am. FIRST 
Saturday schedule for Mass, Adoration and Benediction on the First 
Saturday of each month. .  
St Vincent’s 
36 Hamilton 
Avenue. 
Surfers Paradise 
4217 
Sunday - 9 am & 11 am  
 
(Hispanic Mass – 5.30 pm every Sunday)  
 
Extra parking is available only metres from St Vincent’s Church, King’s 
Car Park, entry via Beach Road. Also, Remembrance Drive opposite 
the church, next to the Essentia Building. 
Stella Maris  
254 Hedges Avenue, 
Broadbeach, 4218 
Saturday - 5 pm 
 
Sunday  -   7 am  
 
 Hispanic (Latino American) Mass: Fr.  Luis Antonio Diaz Lamus  5:30 pm Mass -  
 St Vincent’s Catholic Church, Surfers Paradise. Gold Coast Contact: Juan Arrieta. 
 For more information, please email: surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
 Polish Mass: Fr Jerzy Prucnal (Bowen Hills 3252 2200). 12:30 pm Sacred Heart Church, Clear Island Waters. Gold Coast 
Contact: George Syrek 0411 302 802 -  
 Italian Mass: Sunday, Sacred Heart Church at 4 p.m. For further information about the Italian Mass on the Gold Coast, 
please contact Fr Luis Antonio Diaz Lamus (Scalabrinian Missionary) at ladl71@hotmail.com  or Giovanna at 
gianna52@hotmail.com -  
 Maronite Mass: Fr Fadi Salame 0421 790 996. The 6.30 pm Maronite Saturday Vigil is at Sacred Heart Church, Clear Island 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 23 ---
Waters. 
GO CASHLESS DONATIONS - 
 
AVAILABLE AT THE ENTRANCES 
OF THREE CHURCHES - tap 
once to donate $10, tap and 
other higher denominations 
are now available on the new 
devices. 
 
 
HOSPITAL CALLS - AROUND THE DEANERY -  
HELP THE PRIESTS OF THE DEANERY RESPOND TO URGENT CALLS 
EFFECTIVELY BY CALLING THE FOLLOWING PARISHES' FIRST RESPONDERS TO 
NEEDS WITHIN THE HOSPITALS LISTED. 
To efficiently and promptly address pastoral needs across the Catholic 
parishes of the Gold Coast, the parishes in this Deanery practice that the 
first call for emergencies goes to the priests of the parish where the hospital 
is located.  Here is a helpful guide to the hospitals and their attendant 
priests. A nursing home call also follows this procedure: the first priest to 
call is from the parish where the Nursing Home is located.  Please help us 
serve the region effectively and prevent response delays by calling the 
nearest parish.  
● Robina Hospital - Burleigh Heads Parish. 5558 0120 
● Pindara Hospital - Surfers Paradise Parish. 56717388 
● John Flynn Hospital - Coolangatta-Tugun Parish. 5598 2165 
● University & Gold Coast Private Hosp.- Southport Parish. 5510 2222 
 
CHILDHOOD SACRAMENTS - 2026     
 
  
Baptism 
● Who: Birth to 7 years (older children may need extra preparation) 
● Enrolment & booking: Online  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 24 ---
(STEP 1 REGISTER; STEP 2 BAPTISM ENQUIRY) 
 
● Eligible -  Children aged from birth to 7:  
Email Merla Nario: surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
● Children aged 8+ years: email - sacramental.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  to start 
prep 
● When: Most Sundays, 10:30 am, Sacred Heart Church 
 
● Administrative fee: $130 
 
● How to enrol / info: 
○ Parish site: surfersparadiseparish.com.au (Sacraments > Baptism) 
 
Confirmation 2026  
(Enrolment will close by 15 July 2026) 
● Confirmation ceremony dates:  
21 August 2026, 5:00 pm or 22 August 2026, 11:00 am 
 
● Preparation: Preparation Program (parents + children) 
● Parent and Child to attend the following sessions in Sacred Heart Church: 
● Meeting 1: 20 or 21 July, 5.30pm 
● Meeting 2: 28 or 29 July, 5.30pm 
● Rehearsals: 11 or 12 August 2026, 5.30pm 
● Administrative fee: $150 total for Confirmation & Eucharist prep 
○ How to enrol / info: 
○ Parish site: surfersparadiseparish.com.au (Sacraments > Confirmation) 
○ Enrol: STEP 1 REGISTER; STEP 2 ENROL 
 
● For more info: sacramental.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au 
 
Eucharist (First Holy Communion) 2026 
(this group has begun and is closed)  
 
Who: Year 4+; Baptised & Confirmed (approx 9 to ten years of age) 
When (sequence): all elements are required.  
● Reconciliations: Tuesday 19 May, 5:30 pm (parent and child attend) 
● Rehearsals: Tuesday 26 or Wed 27 May, 5:30 pm (parent and child attend) 
● First Communions: 31 May, 11:00 am or 7 June, 11:00 am (parent and child attend)  
 
Administrative fee: $120 preparation (excludes Confirmation) 
 
Notes: 
If the child was confirmed in 2025, auto-included for 2026 prep; no extra fee if already 
paid in 2025 
 
If confirmed in another parish, follow the First Communion enrolment 
steps 
 
How to enrol / info: 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 25 ---
Parish site: surfersparadiseparish.com.au (Sacraments > First Holy Communion) 
Enrol: STEP 1 REGISTER; STEP 2 ENROL 
For more info: sacramental.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
General 
All sacraments at Sacred Heart Church, Clear Island Waters, Qld 4226 
Enrolment status or information requests: via parish site links or Sacramental Team 
emails above.      
 
IN OUR PRAYERS  (Please let us know when to remove a name from 
the list). 
FOR THOSE WHO ARE SICK:  Please also pray for the following, who 
are ill. (Alphabetical)  
Liz Marie Alcaza, Lindsay Allan, Robert Andreas, Joseph Antony, Milroy 
Antony, Ellen Ball, Tricia Baumann, Phil Bawden, Gregory Bechly, Nellie 
Bellinger, Mary and Leon Brosnan, Tim Brown, Margaret and Tony 
Buckingham, Vicky and Andrew Campora, Gerard Carroll, Danielle 
Cavielli, Nadia Ceh, Tina Conidi, Helen Cooper, Jamie Creed, Shirley 
Croft, Christopher Cunningham, Mary Curmi, Bernie Delaney, Lenore 
Dobbie, Christopher Eid, Dawn Evered, Judi Farrow, John Fletcher, 
Marie Fowles, John Fox, Lorraine Gallagher, Maralyn Gow, Eleanor 
(Nelly) Graham, Jenny Haines, Denise Hales, Betty Hannon, Gary 
Haywood, Mary Hirst, Jenny Johnson, Kevin & Francis Junee, Maria 
Keating, Leona Kelly, Robyn and John Kennedy, Marjorie Kennedy, Kath 
Kiely, Jan Kristenson, Robert Lahey, Dallas Laine, Dannielle Therese 
Larney, Thi Le, Alvin Lee, Nathan Lepp, Maureen Lloyd, Ann Loder, 
Veronica Lubomski, Aaron Lucas, Victoria MacDonald, Jim Mathews, l. 
McGuigan, Phil and Anne McGuigan, Leonie McMahon, Anthea 
McMullin, Joanne Mooney, Maryann Moore, Michael & Leslie 
Murtagh, Eileen O’Mara, John O’Neill, Margaret Orme, Tommy 
Osborne, Kevin Owen, Jamie Paterson, Susan Paterson, Sarah Pawley, 
Janina Pazek, Clare Perera, Lesley Petroni, Paul Picone, Rachel Raines, 
Gus Reeves, Melba Rentoul, Fabian Restaino, Sally Rickard, Alan 
Robinson, Bob Rogers, Joan Cecilia Rudd, Jens Ryan-Raison, Marnia 
Ryan-Raison, Alf Schembri, Vilma Sudonallo, Betty Taylor, Bob Taylor,  
Gary Thompson, Leonie and Leonardo Torcaso, Denise Tracey, Lynette 
Wyer. 
 
RECENTLY DECEASED:  (Chronological - Most recent first): 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 26 ---
German Fernando Reinoso, Colin Hamilton, Roy Gale, Margaret McCarthy, 
Nick Ferris, Mary-Ann Rogers, Dr Sally Towns, Philip Aziz Soryal, Grace Lim, 
Mary Elizabeth Murphy, Nunziata (Nancy) Tognini, Mr Julio Costa Da 
Conceição, Susan Quirk. 
 
ANNIVERSARY OF DEATH:  
This week’s Anniv. (Alphabetical) (14th June- 20th June) 
Fr Denis Ahern, Patricia Allen, Annette (Annie) Anning, Raymond Victor 
Assaisso, Jean Anne Burgess, Sr Christine Chia, Robert Samuel Conn, John 
Cooper, Don Cope, Ronald Donovan, Joan Foley, James William Fuller, Dorothy 
May Joan Gray, Kel Hamilton, Helmut Kaltenthaler, Cheryol Claudette Lewis, 
Teck Lim, Anthony Teck Lee Lim, Amelia Catherine Limbert, Pearl Agnus 
MacCartney,  Antonio (Tony) Maruca, Anthony James (Tony) McCudden, Mons 
Timothy Molony, Benjamin Joseph Moore, Elma Luigia Moro, Leroy Bevan Muir, 
June O'Donnell, Emilio Parolin, Paul Patrick Reeves, Mark Reid, Nuala Judith 
Ryan, Vincent Joseph Shanahan, Arthur John Springthorpe, James Mark Tamai, 
Terry Tanquintic, June Patricia Toole, Ellen Walker, Lorna Sabina Wheeler, Rita 
Woodhouse, Phyllis Jane Woolaston, Cornel Zarie. 
 
Last Weekend’s Anniv. of Death. (Sun June 07, 2026-Sat, 13 June 2026) 
Frances Therese Collins, Janmaree Walsh, Antoinette Denise Brennen, Costanzo 
Letizia, Fr Peter Oudendijk, Charles George Dayney, Fr Wilfrid Willcock, Dorothy 
Ryan, Irene Wholohan, Anna Marmina, Fr Des Effeney, John Ryan, Natalina 
("Natalie") Di Pietro, Felicitas Fay Robbins, Casey Jones Townsend, Judith 
Lorraine Taylor, Roy Jackson, Maria Gallo, Mario Paul Mazza, Melissa Ann Lord, 
Alfonso Lim, Aileen Pettersson, Maria Silvestri-Fiore, Fr Patrick Murphy, Fr 
Gabriel Nolan, Fr Charlie Casey, Joan Agnes Grace, June Catherine Mye, Patricia 
Kirby Richardson, Mons John McCarthy, Agata “Tina” Zammit, John Vincent 
Davis, Valma Sudgen, Andrew Hale, Mary John On, Celia Carvell, Grant Talbot 
Davenport, Dr Frank Miau, Fr John Egan, Peter Barry, Stephen Gallagher, Mary 
Reid, Francis (Frank) Kevin Stephens. 
 
 
HOLY GROUNDS CAFE -  
The Café - “Sacred Grounds”  is Located at the Former Atrium Building near the Sacred 
Heart Church.   
Dmitri, Svetlana and Demid 
Schodin, are the operators of 
Sacred Grounds Cafe on the 
grounds of the parish. They are 
a very friendly, lovely, young 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 27 ---
family. The cafe's food is delicious, and the atmosphere is vibrant and 
warm. Come and make them feel welcome and support a local business! 
The Sacred Grounds will be open from 7 am to 4 pm each day. They 
specialise in Coffee, breakfasts, lunches, and a takeaway menu, and 
they even bake on premises!  
The café near the Sacred Heart Church is a wonderful 
gathering place for parishioners, school parents, staff, and  
the wider public. The 
café is in the old 
Atrium building.   
This allows 
community building 
whilst giving the 
church the space it 
needs for its Masses, Weddings, Baptisms and solemn 
Funerals.  Please support this excellent continuation of the 
parish vision.  
NOTICES AND MESSAGES  - Our parish number is 5671 7388  
 
RELIGIOUS GOODS SHOPS - SACRED HEART AND ST VINCENT’S CHURCHES 
Open before and after the weekend Masses. 
 
A few copies of Fr Warren’s book ‘Bullet Holes in the Presbytery’ are still available in 
the Parish shops, at this very special price of $20. until sold out. 
 
Copies available now of the ‘CATHOLIC LEADER’  $4 each. 
 
 
ART AND CRAFT GROUP   
The Group meets in the Parish Hospitality Centre on Wednesdays  
from 9 am to 12 noon. Activities include 
● Art (watercolour, oils, acrylics, pen and ink drawing, etc.) 
● Various kinds of Craftwork (Knitting, Embroidery, Crocheting, Card making, 
Sewing, etc.) 
● Making Rosary Beads (later sent to the missions) 
● And any other activities that individuals may have an interest in, or you can 
bring in your own ideas. A very relaxing and social environment - meet new friends! 
You are most welcome to join.  For further information, phone the Parish Office. 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 28 ---
THE SACRED HEART BRIDGE CLUB-  
Sacred Heart Bridge Club  - Join Our Bridge Club! - Meet, Play, and Enjoy the 
Game of Bridge. Looking for a fun, social, and stimulating activity? Whether you're 
a returning player or a beginner wanting to learn, our Bridge Club welcomes players 
of all levels!  
Where: Hospitality Room 
When: Monday and Wednesday from 1.00 pm 
Contact: Cheryl on 0417 772 701 
✔ Friendly Atmosphere  ✔ Lessons for Beginners  ✔ Weekly Games  ✔ Tea, 
Coffee & Good Company!   Come for the cards, stay for the camaraderie! 
 
WCCM -  WORLD COMMUNITY FOR CHRISTIAN MEDITATION 
 
This meditation group meets each Tuesday in the Morris 
Prayer Room located at 50 Fairway Drive, Clear Island 
Waters.  Meditation starts from 10 am to 10:30 am.   If 
you are new to meditation, we will assist you in learning about WCCM and the 
practice of Christian Meditation.  For more information, please contact Pam 
Egberts at 0493 742 670.  
 
SACRED HEART ROSARY PRAYER GROUP 
Please join us to pray The Stations of the Cross, The Divine Mercy and The Rosary 
each day at 8:00 am at the Sacred Heart Church before 9 a.m. Mass, Monday 
through Friday, including First Saturdays.  
 
MARIAN VALLEY - SHRINE PILGRIMAGE 
Please come and join us at the Marian Valley Shrine for Our Lady of Fatima’s Feast 
on Saturday the 23rd of May 2026 Main Celebration of Our Lady of Help of 
Christian, Patroness of Australia and Shrine of Marian Valley.  Bus leaves sharp at 
8.15am on both days, from No. 50 Fairway Drive, Clear Island Waters.  The cost of 
the bus fare return per person for each trip is $35.00.  You can secure your seat for 
both days with contact name and contact phone number with Xavier Solomon 0404 
843 260 and Madeleine 5529 1573.  If you need further info, please call Xavier 0404 
843 260. 
 
YOGA AT THE PARISH HOSPITALITY CENTRE -  
Join us for our social class in the Parish Hospitality Centre next to the Parish Office. 
Classes run every Tuesday at 10:45 a.m. Learn to relax while gaining greater 
flexibility, inner strength, body awareness, and concentration, while increasing your 
breath support and overall well-being. Ruth is an IYTA-accredited instructor with 
extensive experience and offers a caring, carefully monitored one-hour session for 
$10 (new attendees, please arrive by 10:30 a.m. to prepare adequately for class). 
For more information, please email surfers@bne.catholic.net.au.  
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 29 ---
OUR LADY’S STATUE -  
Praying the Rosary - Our Lady’s Statue in the Parish - Details of the Statue of Our 
Lady are going around the Parish.  If you would like her in your home and to say 
the Rosary, please contact Maxine or Pat. For more information, please email: 
psela@bigpond.com   or surfers@bne.catholic.net.au         
08/06/26 Nardine and Ayline- Merrimac 
15/06/26 Nardine and Ayline  Merrimac 
22/06/26  Helen & Thor Skjaerback Merrimac 
29/06/26 Helen & Thor Skjaerback    Merrimac 
06/07/26  Juliet & Abdul Speir Nerang 
13/07/26  Juliet & Abdul Speir   Nerang 
  
EXERCISE CLASS - LOW IMPACT - FOR HEART HEALTH -  
Join Rochelle for a fun, functional exercise class at Casey Hall. Low-impact 
cardiovascular exercises for heart health, improve strength and balance- an 
all-around fitness class for over 65’s. Stretch and strengthen the whole body, make 
new friends and feel great.  Tuesday mornings @9.30 Beginners welcome. Contact 
Rochelle.  For more information, please email: surfers@bne.catholic.net.au or call 
07 5671 7388.  
 
BIBLE STUDY/PRAYER GROUP - ST VINCENT’S CHURCH, SURFERS PARADISE.   
The Bible Study Prayer Group meets every Friday from 5 pm-6 pm at St Vincent’s 
Church (40 Hamilton Ave, Surfers Paradise).  
Join us for a read/study break and open The Word weekly from 5 pm to 6 pm. For 
further enquiries, please contact the Parish Office. surfers@bne.catholic.net.au 
 
 
 
PRAYER GROUP - SPANISH SPEAKER 
Jesús de la Misericordia. Invites you to participate on the 3rd Saturday of each month 
from 11 am to 2 pm.   Place: Hospitality Room.  Sacred Heart Church.  “We praise, We 
praise, We grow spiritually from the Word of the Lord.”  For more information, please 
contact Grace. For more information, please email: grace.flowers.art@hotmail.com  
or  surfers@bne.catholic.net.au - 
 
SACRED HEART CHURCH PARKING 
A special notice - when parking, please leave the emergency and taxi pickup 
“yellow painted area” clear for ambulance or brief taxi drop off and pickup and 
the disabled parking areas are only for disability permit persons - thanks for your 
assistance in ensuring this important compliance] 
 
PARISH PODCAST 
To tune in to  Our parish Podcast of the Mass for Sundays and Solemnities,  please 
visit regularly the following link: To listen to the Sunday Mass each week 
(including homily) from Surfers Paradise Catholic Parish, please visit this link: 
Liturgy for you at Home (by SPCP) -  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 30 ---
https://soundcloud.com/user-633212303/tracks     Also found at -   
https://tinyurl.com/FHLpwk   
 
A VOCATION VIEW:   
Jesus knew that when we are committed to whatever we are doing no obstacle 
can prevent us from reaching our goal. So, Jesus could say: "If you will not take 
up your cross and come after me you are not worthy of me." 
To talk to someone about your vocation, contact  Vocation Brisbane:  1300 133 544.  
vocation@bne.catholic.net.au  and  www.vocationbrisbane.com      
 
STEWARDSHIP REFLECTION - 
“As you go, make this proclamation: ‘The kingdom of heaven is at hand.’” 
[Matthew 10:7] 
Many of us take our lives for granted. We think we have plenty of time to 
“repent.”Maybe we should live with a little more urgency in making things right with 
God. This is the difference in living our discipleship out of obligation versus out of 
love. Obligation implies we do the minimum required. Love implies we want a 
relationship. God wants us to be with Him in Heaven forever, but He also wants to be 
in a relationship with us right now while we are on earth. Start this second – invite 
the Lord into your heart. 
The vision of Stewardship speaks in every aspect of life, inviting everyone to be 
thankful, generous and accountable for what each has been given. 
+++++++++++++++++ 
TAKE FIVE FOR FAITH -  Your name here 
At  fairs, there always seems to be a stand where someone offers to write your 
name on a grain of rice. As novel a proposition as that is, perhaps there are 
better places to have our names inscribed. Scripture mentions the "Book of 
Life" eight times. It's described as the registry of the just—a desirable place to 
be listed. Martyrdom is one sure way to make the registry, and promoting the 
gospel is another. Simply put, bring Jesus to others. Witness your values, 
decisions, and resources. Add your name to the book.  “The names of the 
twelve apostles are these: first, Simon called Peter, and his brother Andrew.” 
(Matthew 10:2-8) 
SIGN UP FOR "TAKE FIVE" ww.takefiveforfaith.com/subscribe.  
++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
                                                                                                                                              
JOBS AROUND THE ARCHDIOCESE 
https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/careers 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 31 ---
The Archdiocese of Brisbane has standards of conduct for workers to maintain a safe 
and healthy environment for children.  Our commitment to these standards requires 
conducting Working With Children checks and background referencing for all persons 
who will engage in direct and regular involvement with children and young people (0 - 
18 years) or adults at risk. The organisation is fully committed to child safety and has 
zero tolerance for abusing children or adults at risk. 
PARISH FINANCIAL SUPPORT 
Your support is needed to help our Parish continue 
valuable pastoral activities and ensure ongoing 
sustainability. You can give here to assist you in 
supporting the Parish.      
 
If you can continue to support us, we would be most 
grateful. We thank all who have made payments by 
credit card and those who have donated directly to the 
parish account. The pay-wave or tap-and-go machines 
on the timber stands in our Churches are also a safe 
and handy way to donate to the Parish. God bless you 
for your support. If you want confirmation of your 
donation or a receipt emailed, please contact me at 
slaters@bne.catholic.net.au  .   
To join planned giving, please contact the Parish Office: 
(07) 56717388 (9 am–2 pm Mon-Thursday or 9 am-12 
noon Fri). 
 
Also - Bequest information. If you wish to make a 
Bequest in your will, please contact the Parish Office 
- surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
 
THIS WEEKEND’S GOSPEL  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 32 ---
-To listen to the whole Sunday Mass each week (including homily) from Surfers 
Paradise Catholic Parish, including the Easter Mass - please visit this link:  
Liturgy for you at Home (by SPCP) - https:- soundcloud.com/user-633212303/tracks.  
 
11th Sunday of Ordinary Time - Year A  
 
  
   
Image Credit- Shutterstock Licensed. Stock Photo ID: 1724584795 - Vienna, Austria. 2019/10/23. "Preaching of Saint John the Baptist" by 
Jacob (Jacques) de Gheyn II (1565-1629). Kunsthistorisches Museum (Art History Museum) in Vienna. Important information. Editorial 
Use Only. Photo Contributor: Adam Jan Figel 
  
We are God’s beloved children. We are called, loved and embraced — 
cherished beyond measure.  
 
We are God’s people — daughters and sons of God — not because we have 
earned it or deserve it, nor because we are worthy in ourselves, but simply 
because God loves us. It is God, overflowing with generous love, who calls us 
to himself.  
 
At first, Jesus’ call was to go out to the recognised children of Israel — those 
whom God first claimed as his own; after all, first things first. Later, however, 
because of God’s limitless love, this invitation was extended to include all 
peoples and all nations.  
 
God’s love is so abundant that there is always room for one more.  
 
There is so much noise and busyness in our world today — so many 
conflicting voices, and many competing values, some directly contradicting 
one another.  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 33 ---
The countless people of our world, both near and far, are very much like 
harassed sheep. The Lord says, “Go out to them; show them my love, and 
invite them into my pastures.” It is heartbreaking. How do people make sense 
of life amid so much clamour?  
 
In the first reading, the place called Rephidim means a resting place — a 
place of refreshment and support. There, with God’s grace, Moses prevailed 
in battle against the Amalekites. His weary, uplifted arms were supported by 
Aaron and Hur — sustained in a place whose very name speaks of support. It 
was also there that the people, though they thirsted and lost trust in God, were 
still refreshed when God brought forth water from the rock.  
God loves us, nurtures us, and seeks to help us — most often through the 
ministry of his own people, through our brothers and sisters around us.  
 
The harvest is plentiful, and there is much work to be done, but the labourers 
are few. Only by God’s grace can we meet such overwhelming demands.  
 
We might ask, “Who are we to go out and live and proclaim the message of 
Jesus?” The answer is simple: we are loved and called by God. He has 
commissioned us for this work — not because of our merit, but because of his 
love. God calls us in love, and we respond in love.  
 
And so each of us goes out on mission — not necessarily far afield. Our own 
local communities are also in great need of God’s loving guidance and care. 
We return to our homes, our workplaces, our social circles and the wider 
community.  
 
As the Gospel shows us:  
We fulfil this mission primarily through what we do, accompanied by words 
where needed.  
 
Actions speak louder than words.  
 
We carry out acts of kindness, compassion, healing, mercy and practical help.  
 
We give a powerful witness through selfless service — not for personal gain, 
but following the example of the Good Shepherd.  
+++++++++ 
To listen to the Sunday Mass each week (including homily) from Surfers Paradise Catholic Parish, please visit this  
To listen to the Sunday Mass each week (including homily) from Surfers Paradise 
Catholic Parish, please visit this link: Liturgy for you at Home (by SPCP) - https:- 
soundcloud.com/user-633212303/tracks. 
++++++ 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 34 ---
THE WISDOM OF THE SAINTS:  
 
INSPIRING QUOTES OF (or about) THE SAINTS: 
 
➔ St Romuald  
◆ We thank God today for St Romuald, who nearly 1000 years ago 
founded a group of monks who are known as the Camaldolese hermits. 
In his early life, Romuald was a slave to his passions; but yet, he had a 
yearning for a nobler life.  
◆ His conversion was quite sudden and definite. He had a dispute over 
property with a neighbour. Sergius, Romuald’s father, waged a duel with 
the man and killed him. Romuald, stricken with remorse that a piece of 
property had meant more than a man’s life, went straight to a 
monastery. But the monastery was lax; Romuald didn’t stay there long 
because the monks couldn’t stand his taking the rule of St Benedict 
seriously. So he placed himself under the direction of a hermit. 
Eventually, he adapted the rule of St Benedict so as to serve groups of 
monks who, while living mostly alone, still shared a community of rule 
and life. 
◆ “Sit in your cell as if in paradise. Put the whole world behind you and 
forget it. Watch your thoughts like a good fisherman watching for fish.” 
◆ “It is better to say one Our Father fervently and devoutly than a 
thousand, with no devotion and full of distraction.”  
 
ADULT FAITH ARTICLE 
  
  
Image Credit- Shutterstock Licensed. Stock Photo ID: 792389002.  Photo Contributor: kylepostphotography 
 
God is more than everything, and yet everything is in God. ‘Meeting Jesus Again 
for the First Time.’ M. J. Borg (1995). 
  
Catholics believe that God exists in our world, and if we seek to discover God, 
we will. One of the ways that we see God in the world is through the beauty and 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 35 ---
order of Nature. Catholics believe that a loving intelligence created the world. 
Consider the wonder of human birth.  
 
Could this have come about by chance? 
 
As we search for God, we come to understand that God is the creator of all that 
is and that it is through this understanding that we gain knowledge of God in a 
range of life experiences. These may be in moments of connection or aha! 
moments when we are aware of mystery in our lives. 
 
PAPAL REFLECTION  
 
   
Image Credit- Image Credit- Shutterstock Licensed. Stock Vector ID: 2285846983 - The Pope AND the Catholic Church and the 
mercy of God. Vector Contributor: doom.ko 
 
Pope Leo XIV: We must rediscover signs and symbols of the sacred liturgy 
[Ishmael Adibuah - via EWTN - 04.06.26]  
 
At the Wednesday general audience at the Vatican on June 3, Pope Leo XIV called 
Catholics to be open to an “encounter with God by rediscovering the signs and symbols of 
the sacred liturgy.” 
 
“We need to let ourselves be educated by the rites of the liturgy, tending to the beauty of 
our celebrations with a delicate hand and without arbitrariness,” Leo said to the faithful. 
 
Liturgy as rite, sign, and symbol 
Leoʼs remarks were part of his catechesis on the liturgy, focusing on the Second Vatican 
Councilʼs document Sacrosanctum Concilium. In his remarks, the pope explained the 
councilʼs teaching about participation in the liturgy through its signs and symbols. 
 
Pope Leo XIV waves from the popemobile during the general audience in Saint Peter’s 
Square on June 3, 2026. | Credit: Daniel Ibanez/EWTN News 
 
“In the liturgy, we are invited to participate — body, mind, and heart — and enter into a 
dimension inhabited by the Holy Spirit. In order to enter into this dimension, the liturgy is 
woven with signs and symbols that have a performative and transformative dimension,” 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 36 ---
Leo said. 
 
He also called on Catholics to recall the meaning of the various gestures associated with 
the liturgy, such as the sign of peace and kneeling before the Blessed Sacrament. He 
explained that these symbols and signs are not arbitrary gestures, but are important for 
helping Catholics experience “the presence of God through Jesus Christ.” 
 
“The rites of the Christian liturgy are not an outward covering of the sacramental mystery 
or a set of arbitrary ceremonies,” Leo said. “Rather, they are the ecclesial mediation 
through which the divine gift reaches us. Through the sacred rite, we are thus formed in 
listening to the Word of God, in thanksgiving and adoration, in fraternal sharing, and in 
ecclesial communion.” 
 
Encouragement for Catholics to join Corpus Christi processions 
In an appeal at the end of the general audience, Leo invited Catholics to bear public 
witness to the mystery of the Eucharist during the upcoming eucharistic processions for 
the Solemnity of Corpus Christi. 
 
“The processions with the Blessed Sacrament that take place in the streets of many towns 
are an expression of popular eucharistic piety; in this regard, I encourage you to keep 
alive this beautiful manifestation of public witness to the faith,” Leo said. 
 
He also gave a special greeting to priests serving in the Middle East amid continuing 
armed conflicts in the region. 
 
This article was originally published by EWTN News English.  
 
https://ewtnvatican.com/articles/pope-leo-xiv-sacred-liturgy-signs-symbols  
+++ 
Thursday, 11 June 2026 
PROCLAMATION OF MARRIAGE BANNS  
 
I hereby publish the Banns of Marriage, (Announcement of Intended Marriage) between 
Julio Enrique Diaz Soto, Son of Guillermo Enrique Diaz Orellana and 28/11/1964 of the 
Stella Maris Church located at 254 Hedges Avenue in Broadbeach, and Lissette Victoria 
Kulm Soto, Daughter of Victor Alejandro Kulm Cabello and Maria Teresa Soto Vielma of 
the Stella Maris Church located at 254 Hedges Avenue in Broadbeach.  
 
If any of you know and just cause or impediment as to why these persons should not be 
joined together in Holy Matrimony, you are requested to declare it to the Parish Priest.  
 
Date of the first publication and request: 14th June 2026 
 
Date of the second publication and request: 20th June 2026 
 
Date of the third publication and request: 28th June 2026 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 37 ---
This is pertaining to the intended Marriage of  Julio Diaz Soto and Lissette Kulm Soto 
(saturday 23rd of January) - St Francis of Assisi. Independencia 21 El Monte, Metropolitan 
Region Chile 9810000 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
       pwk 
Fr Paul William Kelly  
Parish Priest 
Surfers Paradise Catholic Parish 
kellyp@bne.catholic.net.au 
+++ 
  
LINKS & RESOURCES 
Liturgy for you at Home (produced by SPP): https:- 
soundcloud.com/user-633212303/tracks 
Weekly Homily (produced by SPP): https:- homilycatholic.blogspot.com 
Surfers Paradise Parish Facebook: https:- www.facebook.com/surferscatholic/ 
Breaking Parish News (SPP Blog):  https:- news-parish.blogspot.com/ 
EthicsFinder is a free, global, digital resource of immense value to interested 
parishioners. Try ACU’s free digital tool, www.ethicsfinder.com.  
 
Readings for next weekend- Sunday, June 21, 2026 (Twelfth Sunday in Ordinary 
Time. Year A) 
 FIRST READING- Jer 20:10-13 
 Ps 69:8-10, 14+17, 33-35   - “Lord, in your great love, answer me.” 
 SECOND READING- Rom 5:12-15 
 GOSPEL ACCLAMATION (John 15:26b-27a) “Alleluia, alleluia! The Spirit of Truth 
will bear witness to me, says the Lord. And you also will be my witness.” 
 GOSPEL- Matt 10:26-33 
 
++++ 
** The significance of the ancient Catholic Blessing Symbol. “20 C+M+B 26” 
An ancient medieval practice in the Catholic Church was to bless one’s home with 
blessed chalk on the annual Solemnity of the Epiphany.  On the door or the lintel will 
be this symbol: 
 
20 + C + M + B + 26 * [*  “Caspar, Melchior and Balthasar” (the traditional names of the 
Three Wise Men)] -And also representing the prayer:  *Christus Mansionem Benedicat  
 May Christ bless this home.   
This means that 2000 years ago, after Christ’s birth, the Wise Men visited, paid homage 
to the Lord, and were welcomed into the Holy Family’s hospitality. We dedicate the 
present year, ‘26, of this century to the protection of the Lord.  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 38 ---
May the Lord bless this abode.  
The letters C+M+B represent Caspar, Balthasar and Melchior, the three Wise Men.  CMB 
is also the initials of the Latin prayer “Christus Mansionem Benedicat” - “May Christ 
Bless this dwelling place/ abode/ home.”  
++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
SYNOD 24 - ARCHDIOCESE OF BRISBANE - ACTION PLANS  
For in-depth resources please visit the following link: 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1taBpy2wR96rMslEbWHpiDI3jaDpS_
rzYJ_iqYLQWygw/edit?usp=sharing  
++++++++++++++++ 
Commitment to Child Safety and Adults at Risk.  We are committed to ensuring the 
safety and well-being of all members of our community. Please see the pages below for 
more information. ……………….. 
+++++++++++++++ 
Acknowledgement of Country -  
This is Kombumerri Country, the traditional custodian of this region. 
We respectfully acknowledge the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people as the 
First People of this country. We pay our respects to the Kombumerri people, the 
traditional custodians of the land, waterways and seas upon which we live, work and 
socialise throughout this Catholic Parish of Surfers Paradise. We acknowledge Elders, 
past and present and emerging, as they hold our Indigenous people's memories, 
traditions, culture and hopes. We pay tribute to those who have contributed to the 
community's life in many ways. We affirm our commitment to justice, healing, and 
reconciliation between Indigenous and non-Indigenous peoples. (See further: The 
Kombumerri People and 
https://kombumerritogetherproject.com/digital-resources/yugambeh-language/)  
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
 
 Safeguarding Framework 
“The Church loves all her children like a loving mother, but cares for all and protects 
with a special affection those who are smallest and defenceless. This is the duty that 
Christ himself entrusted to the entire Christian community.” 
– Apostolic Letter issued ‘motu proprio’ by the Supreme Pontiff Francis 4 June 2016 
 
Purpose 
The purpose of the Archdiocesan Safeguarding Framework is to promote a culture of 
safeguarding within the Archdiocese and reduce the risks of abuse and harm. 
Scope 
The Safeguarding Framework applies to all parishes, ministries, and agencies under the 
jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Brisbane. 
 
The framework applies to all Archdiocesan workers. 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 39 ---
Framework 
National Catholic Safeguarding Standards 
The Archdiocese adopts and adheres to the National Catholic Safeguarding Standards. 
The Standards apply to all parishes, ministries, and agencies under the jurisdiction of 
the Archbishop. 
Commitment Statement 
The Archdiocese has zero tolerance for all forms of abuse and is committed to 
safeguarding everyone involved in its activities, ministries, and services. 
 
The safety and well-being of children and adults-at-risk is paramount. 
Safeguarding Principles 
The following principles guide safeguarding practice in the Archdiocese: 
Safeguarding is a shared responsibility. 
Everyone who interacts with the Archdiocese is treated with dignity and respect. 
The protection and best interests of children and adults at risk are prioritised. 
Safe physical and online environments are provided. 
Safeguarding and abuse risks are actively identified and managed. 
Compliance with safeguarding standards, policies, procedures, and guidelines is 
monitored. 
Abuse concerns, suspicions, disclosures, allegations, reports and incidents are 
responded to promptly and effectively. 
All statutory obligations to report suspected abuse or harm are complied with. 
Safeguarding Governance    -Monitoring and Compliance 
The Archdiocese of Brisbane is committed to continuous improvement of its 
safeguarding practice, and compliance with the National Catholic Safeguarding 
Standards is monitored through a program of internal and external auditing. 
Non-compliance with this framework, which seriously jeopardises the safety and 
wellbeing of others, will be reported to the Vicar General and may be grounds for 
disciplinary action resulting in dismissal or termination of employment and reporting 
to church and/or statutory authorities. 
Download a copy of the Archdiocesan Safeguarding Framework 
For more information about the Archdiocesan Safeguarding Framework, contact the 
Office for Safeguarding Services at safeguarding@bne.catholic.net.au   
or on 07 3324 3752. 
 https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/   
 - Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -     
See also this video on safeguarding -   
https://youtu.be/8AASkl-Sr1A?si=OF6XwqzagYt5fF9d  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   
https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt 
Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)-  
StopLine - The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   
https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 40 ---
● Safeguarding Officer - Surfers Parish - (relating to child safety and adults at risk) 
Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  - phone - 
0409 486 326  
 
Safeguarding Officer - Surfers Paradise Parish - Robyn Hunt 
 
● STOPline    
http://bnecatholic.stoplinereport.com 
Email:  AOB@stopline.com.au 
Phone:  1300 304 550 
STOPline is an independent service that receives information about suspected abuse, 
harm and other serious misconduct by workers (including priests, religious employees, 
educators, practitioners, support workers and volunteers). 
● Archdiocese of Brisbane   
https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/support/safeguard 
● Office for Safeguarding Services:  
Phone:  07 3324 3752 
Email:  safeguarding@bne.catholic.net.au 
www.brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding 
Level 2 Penola Place, 142 Edward Street, Brisbane 
● Professional Standards Office Queensland 
 www.psoqld.catholic.net.au 
● Safeguarding Training 
https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/safeguarding-training 
 
● Incident Report Form 
 
For more details on safeguarding please visit here:   
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ja2NmPbkoqk5Jw4bfDdZVRwWHAIPQfn7qU5uQ
Z3oYD8/edit?usp=sharing  
 
Sacred Heart Church and Parish office -   (directions and location) 
 
50 Fairway Drive. Clear Island Waters. Queensland 4226  
(The best entry is the southern entrance off Fairway Drive, nearest to Santa Cruz Boulevard). 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 41 ---
map:  -  
https://www.google.com/search?q=50+fairway+drive+clear+island+waters+qld+map&rlz=1C1GCEA_enAU
797AU797&oq=50+fairway+drive+clear+island+waters+qld+map&aqs=chrome..69i57.8142j0j7&sourceid=
chrome&ie=UTF-8 
 
Our parish office location is found here:  Please see here for a map with details of the location of the parish office. 
Please see below for a photo of the Catholic Parish office ……(with the name “Glendalough - Parish 
Office” written on a sign over the door - Glendalough is pronounced “Glenda-lock” and is named after a 
famous Irish location where Catholic Saint Kevin lived- one of our schools in the parish is named St Kevin’s 
in honour that patron saint).  
 
 
 
Below is a picture of the Sacred Heart church, which is located on the same grounds (to the left of the 
parish office)  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 42 ---
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50
