--- Page 1 ---
PDF version of this parish newsletter *PDF here*:  
You can also access an online -web- copy of the newsletter *Webcopy here* 
 
 
Surfers Paradise Catholic Parish E-Newsletter 
Parish Office (new): (07) 5671 7388 (Mon-Thurs: 9 am – 2 pm; & Fri: 9 am -12 noon)  
Email: surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  | Website: www.surfersparadiseparish.com.au  
Emergencies: Priest contactable via office phone (after hours, follow the menu prompts) 
50 Fairway Drive, Clear Island Waters, Queensland, 4226 
Safeguarding officer -(Robyn Hunt) email=  lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au   
https://tinyurl.com/SPCPsite    
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -  https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding 
This is Kombumerri Country, which is the traditional custodian of this region.  (see here) 
 
 Sunday, 25 January 
2026 Third Sunday - Year A 
Readings for Sunday, 25 January 2026 - Third Sunday  AYear A 
FIRST READING- Isaiah 8:23b—9:3 
Psalm 27:1, 4, 13-14. “The Lord is my light and my salvation” 
SECOND READING- 1 Corinthians 1:10-13, 17 
GOSPEL ACCLAMATION (cf. Matthew 4:23). Alleluia, alleluia! Jesus preached the good news of 
the Kingdom. And healed all who were sick. 
GOSPEL- Matthew 4:12-23 or 4:12-17 
“Immediately they left their nets and followed him” (Matthew 4:20) 
 
Image Credit- 
https://creator.nightcafe.studio/creation/3nWdVhuCsa3r2cdIflm1/jesus-calls-out-to-the-four-apostles-in-their-fishing-boats-a
nd-the-enormous-and-overflowing-catch-o?ru=Paul-Evangelion    
 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 2 ---
We congratulate the MOORE, KENNEDY and TAYLOR families whose children 
LACHLAN, ARCHIE and MAYA will be baptised in our Parish this weekend.  Please keep 
the Baptism families in your prayers as they begin their faith journey. 
 
Catholic School Leadership Teams -  Blessing and Commissioning. 
Last Sunday at the 9 am Mass at Sacred Heart we had the blessing of the Leadership 
Teams for the four Schools within our Parish- St Vincent’s, St Kevin’s, Star of the Sea 
Merrimac, and St Michael’s Catholic College.  As we begin a new school year, May God 
bless and guide our families, staff and students along a wonderful path of learning and 
faith. 
 
++++ 
PASTORS POST:  
I’m drawn to the tension between idealised beginnings and the stubborn, 
everyday realities of community.  
 
The infant church, often imagined as Spirit-filled and united, invites longing for a 
purer, more cohesive faith. Yet the second reading’s reminder—that Corinth’s 
first-century house of believers faced conflicts, pride, and power 
plays—grounds us in humility. If the earliest Christians wrestled with division 
even as they pursued the gospel, then our own longing for unity becomes more 
than nostalgia; it becomes a call to intentional formation. 
 
Paul’s exhortation to forget self-advancement and embrace a shared mission 
reframes ambition as service to others and to Christ. The metaphor of disciples 
who drop their old lives at once speaks to decisive discipleship, but also to a 
continual daily choosing: to act with mutual love, to foreground common good 
over personal gain, and to work outward toward the Kingdom. Division, born 
from disagreement or ego, is acknowledged, yet the antidote remains steadfast 
fidelity to the debt of mutual love. 
 
Ultimately, this reflection centres on light—not as a private illumination, but as a 
communal fragrance of forgiveness, hospitality, and generosity. Baptism calls us 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 3 ---
to carry Christ’s light into the world, with gratitude for gifts shared and a 
renewed commitment to unity in service of the Gospel. 
Fr Paul 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
 
Congratulations to Doris, who completed her initiation into the Catholic Church.  
+++ 
REST IN PEACE-  Fr Peter Casey 
 
20th January 2026 
Fr Peter Casey, Brisbane Catholic priest, has passed away after a brave battle with illness.   
Fr Peter was an old boy at Downlands Toowoomba from 1959-1962.  
For the last nine years Fr Peter Casey has been living and ministering at St Vincent’s Community at 
Carseldine on, as he described with his usual dry humour, “lesser duties, not retirement!”  
Prior to this, he was parish priest of Camp Hill for three years, Ipswich parish priest for 13 years 
before that, and parish priest in Cannon Hill for 10 years, as well as being assistant priest in Ekibin 
and Cannon Hill parishes before being appointed to Catholic Family Welfare (now Centacare 
Brisbane) in 1975. He was with Centacare for 15 years – five as director. 
Fr Peter was an excellent pastor and brilliant at administration and finance, and had a real soft spot 
underneath a formidable personality.   
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 4 ---
Fr Paul Kelly, his assistant for two years and continued to benefit from his wisdom, friendship and 
advice for years after that, found him an excellent problem solver who had clear vision and a solid 
love of Scripture and was parish ministry.  “I remember him coming into a new parish where he was 
told that there were some financial issues that were described as “insoluble” and within a year or so 
he had solved it without fuss and with brilliant planning.” This was deeply inspiring and wonderful 
formation.  
Fr Peter continued to celebrate masses regularly and regularly help out pastorally in St Vincent’s 
Carseldine.   
Fr Peter had several health issues in recent years but soldiered on with his usual no- nonsense 
determination and strength.   
 
He will be sadly missed and fondly remembered.   
 
May he rest in the peace of his Lord Jesus Christ whom he served without fuss and with unaffected 
devotion.  
 
NEEDED - WOOL OR ACRYLIC YARN 
 
Sr Lis Keane and Mary Lepp are 
seeking donations of 8 ply wool or 
acrylic yarn to assist the ladies at 
Numinbah Prison who are crocheting 
rugs to go with Br Ollies 
Wheelchairs for Disabled Children in 
disadvantaged countries. 
Your assistance with either yarn 
(note: there are no colour 
restrictions), or small cash donations  
($20 - $25.00 )would be very 
gratefully received 
and can be left at Sacred Heart 
Church or Office under either of our 
names. 
Our prayers and grateful thanks for your help.  
Sr Lis and Mary Lepp. 
 
 
 
+++++++++++++++ 
MUSICIANS AND SINGERS WANTED  
Our parish is requesting musicians and singers to join the music ministry. 
There is a critical need for enough singers and musicians to cover all our 
weekend masses.  Those generously volunteering must have an 
understanding of the principles of church music and singing, which we will 
happily share with anyone who inquires. Church music and song play a key 
role in Catholic worship. Choir, soloists, and musicians serve the important 
purpose of assisting the congregation in singing and praying.  It differs 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 5 ---
markedly from other forms of music or performance, seeks to avoid 
entertainment, and is solely to assist the people in the worship of God. The 
musicians and singers' main role is to assist and support the singing of the 
congregation, allowing them to participate and sustain their voices.  
For more information, please contact christeenharth@gmail.com   - God 
bless.  +++ 
 
‘I WAS LOST BUT NOW I’M FOUND’ 
 
Sacred Heart Church 
now has a very large 
collection of 
sunglasses and 
reading glasses that 
have been there for 
quite some time.  
Surely someone is 
missing them! 🙂 
Nice glasses. 
   
If these are yours, 
come on in and pick 
them up.   
 
Otherwise, we will 
probably have to give 
them to charity if we 
cannot reunite them 
with their owner! 
🙁(or we have 
someone who takes 
glasses and 
sunglasses to Papua New Guinea for those who need them as well)   
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 6 ---
Be a Religious Instruction catechist 
Be an RI INSTRUCTOR or ASSISTANT in our local State Primary 
Schools  
Free training and support!  
- 1-2 hours per week  
- -New volunteers placed with 
experienced Instructors  
- Easy curriculum to help students 
learn about JESUS  
CONTACT US TODAY - Helene McCowan 
0419 747 631 
helene.mccowan@gmail.com   
 
Christian Religious Instruction -  See our 
poster on the next page:    
 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 7 ---
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 8 ---
PILGRIMAGE -  Ireland in June 
2026  
Fr. Dan Ryan will 
lead a Pilgrimage 
to all the 
wonderful places 
of Ireland, from 
21st June to 7th 
July 2026.   
Some of the 
highlights will be 
Dublin, 
Glendalough, 
Tipperary, Kerry, 
Galway, Knock 
and Belfast.   
Witness along the way the unsurpassed beauty of 
Ireland’s monasteries, rugged coastline, historic cities 
and legendary friendship. 
https://www.harvestjourneys.com/tour/pv2563/   
This journey is the perfect mix of fun, 
faith and friendship. For more details, 
download the flyer on Harvest Journeys 
PV2653.  ++ 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 9 ---
Surfers Paradise Catholic Parish Youth Group - Ignis Dei (Fire of God) 
 
 
RESUMES  THIS SUNDAY 25TH JANUARY, 
2025, 7:00-9:00PM 
 Meeting after 6 pm Mass   
 Every Sunday Night, 7 pm - 9pm at 
the Parish Hospitality Centre 
 
EVERYONE IS WELCOME - INVITE 
YOUR FRIENDS TO JOIN YOU - A 
WONDERFUL WAY TO SHARE YOUR 
FAITH AND YOUR FRIENDSHIP -  
HAVING FUN! 
 
 
++++++++++++++++++ 
THE BIBLE TIMELINE – THE STORY OF SALVATION 
ADULT FAITH FORMATION BIBLE STUDY 
CONTINUES on LAST SUNDAY OF THE MONTH 2025 
Next gathering 1 February 2026 
(We move forward a week into February to bypass the 
Australia Day holiday long weekend) 
In the Parish Hospitality Centre - (next to Sacred Heart 
Church),  50 Fairway Drive, Clear Island Waters, 
Queensland 4226, on the Last Sunday of the month from 10 
am – 12 pm.  
There is no cost; however, to participate, you will need to 
purchase The Bible Timeline: The Story of Salvation Study 
Set, which can be obtained from Ascension Press or Garrett Publishing - ask the office if we have 
any still on hand first.  The Study Set will contain The Bible Timeline Study Book, Chart and 
Bookmark -  https://ascensionpress.com/    https://garrattpublishing.com.au/ 
++++++ 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 10 ---
Tickets are NOW LIVE for the 2026  
Passion Play!  
 
 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 11 ---
This Easter, join us at the beautiful Lake Moogerah as the Easter story is 
brought to life in a powerful outdoor setting. Performed right in front of you, the 
Passion Play is a meaningful way to reﬂect, gather, and share the Easter 
weekend with family and friends. 
 
 
 
Book your FREE tickets today! 
 
SUMMER HOLIDAY READING -  the latest edition of Liturgy 
News 
Click the following link to read the free edition:  
https://www.liturgybrisbane.net.au/media/tylbuh4u/ln254-liturgy-news-su
mmer-2025.pdf 
++++ 
FANS and DOORS in OUR CHURCHES 
It's that time of year again. Please note that we have a policy regarding fans, 
windows, and doors in the church. 
DURING CHURCH SERVICES - FANS IN THE CHURCH DURING the HOT 
WEATHER ARE TO BE LEFT ON PLEASE, AND DOORS TO BE LEFT OPEN 
PLEASE FOR AIR CIRCULATION AND BREEZES! Please Don't Ask The 
Coordinator To Turn Them Off.  
+++++ 
CLOW – Children’s Liturgy of the Word - Sacred Heart - Clear Island 
Waters-  In recess during school holidays. 
+++++ 
 
FIRST FRIDAY ADORATION 
Adoration of the Blessed Sacrament on each First Friday,  
6th February, 2026, at Sacred Heart Church from 7 pm to 8.30 pm.  All 
welcome. Enquiries: Helen 0421935678.  "Could you not watch one 
hour with Me" - Mt 26:4 
 
FIRST SATURDAY  MASS AND BENEDICTION 
We will be celebrating on the first Saturday - February 7th, 9 am at 
Sacred Heart Church, Clear Island Waters only.  9 am Saturday, - 
February 7th, 2026 at 9 am.   Followed by adoration and Benediction.  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 12 ---
Please come along. 
 
Anointing Mass – Mass of Healing FIRST TUESDAY OF THE MONTH 
(February-November Inclusive) 
Sacred Heart Catholic Church. Tuesday, the 3rd of February, 2026.10 am  
- Followed by morning tea. Please let others know who would love to 
come along 
++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
+++++ 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 13 ---
A Thought for these times, [in the manner of Miss Jane Austen] 
 
I would remark that a certain seasonable recollection hath an odd 
power to correct present folly.  
 
We, who grew to womanhood in the quiet steadiness of half-forgotten 
thrift, might discover in our remembrance a gentle guide for modern 
pretensions.  
 
The elder days, though not aware of terms like the “warming of the 
globe”, possessed a virtue more steadfast than any fancy invention: the 
art of using well what was given, and releasing nothing to waste. 
 
Picture, dear reader, a household where one assiduously stocked and 
carefully positioned letter-writing nook would suffice to keep kinship 
intact; where a cold room stood as a modest sentinel, not a fortress; and 
where the bread came in paper, the milk in bottles to be returned, and 
jars gathered for jams with a punctuality of habit. Meals, wrapped in 
butcher’s paper or stored in jars, bore witness to a stewardship almost 
inconceivable amidst brisk commerce and glittering fashions.  
 
The family gathered round the table, (not secreted away in one’s 
chamber), to exchange tidings, to laugh, to deliberate, and to determine 
the course of the day by affection, not alarm. 
 
If, in our later years, we have learned to fancy every convenience as a 
right, let us sometimes borrow the temper of those older days: to repair 
rather than replace, to value what remains, and to remember that 
happiness, like good sense, endureth best when not overindulged. 
 
(with thanks to JA and PD, you know who you are!)  
+++++ 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 14 ---
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 15 ---
Saint Vincent de Paul Society Reflections 
 
For more details on the conference's activities, please contact Conference President Wendy 
Webb at wendy.webb@svdpqld.org.au   
 
Sunday, 25 January 2026 
THIS WEEK… 
 “Embrace the whole world in a network of love” - (Blessed Frédéric Ozanam)  
 
PRAYER  
Lord, you call on me to reform my life and place my faith in this good news. 
Deepen my belief.  May I take trust in the God of love you came to reveal. 
 
3RD SUNDAY OF ORDINARY TIME  
Is 8:23-9:3  
1Cor: 1;10-13,17  
Mt 4:12-23 22  
 
(Reflection from Joy Bowen)  
 
Who would ever forget the inspiring words of Dr Martin Luther King… his “I 
have a dream” speech still echoes despite the years!   
 
The inaugural speech of a new national leader is a pivotal moment. We listen 
with keen ears. We long for authentic words of vision and hope to raise our 
wearied spirits.  
 
Jesus’ inaugural speech, with its message of good news, holds his audience 
captive. He offers truth, healing, hope, compassion, and peace to the 
hopeless, the same goals as Vincentians!  
 
As I read this passage, I remembered living in Cowra for a few years and how 
people would often introduce someone.  
 
It was not only the complicated history of the relationship to each other, but it 
was also exactly where they had lived, something like… “Hi, this is Mary, 
she’s married to the first son of the Smiths from Young, who used to be in 
Canowindra, before they moved!!! It always made me smile; I was not used to 
it. The numerous geographical details to emphasise that Jesus was a 
particular person who lived out his short life in a particular place and in a 
particular moment of history. It situates him. He is ‘that man from Nazareth’-- 
totally human, just like us.  
 
As the gospels gradually reveal, he is truly the Son of God, the full 
self-disclosure of God to an unsuspecting world.  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 16 ---
According to Matthew, when Jesus settles in Galilee, he becomes a ‘light’ for 
the people of those regions through his teaching and healing. He calls his 
disciples, who, despite the suddenness of the invite, despite the immediacy 
of the call, drop everything to join him. … “at once”, “immediately”.  
 
What an impression Jesus must have made on them! Jesus is willing and 
able to heal. I pray for those in need. I acknowledge my own neediness and 
humbly ask for healing.  
 
Is Jesus the light enlightening my daily living? If so, how do I know?  
 
MASS TIMES: SURFERS PARADISE MASS TIMES 
Sacred Heart  
50 Fairway Drive 
Clear Island Waters, 
4226 
Saturday Night - 5 pm  (Note: Reconciliations from 4-4.30 pm at Sacred 
Heart) 
+ (Maronite Mass, 6:30 pm, Saturday Night).  
*Note: First Saturday of the month, morning Mass, Adoration and 
Benediction:  9 am, 7th February, 2026.  
And also the usual 9 am and 6 pm (at Sacred Heart - Clear Island 
Waters) 
+ (Polish Mass 12:30 pm Sunday) 
+ (Italian Mass 4 pm Sunday at Sacred Heart Church) 
Weekday Masses - Monday - Friday weekday Mass - 9 a.m.  (all at 
Sacred Heart)  
(Healing Mass -  Next Anointing Mass will be the First Tuesday in 
February) 
   
{Adoration - First Friday Night of the Month - 6th February 2026 - 
Adoration of the Blessed Sacrament at Sacred Heart Church - First 
Fridays of the Month, from 7 pm to 8.30 pm.  All welcome. Enquiries: 
Helen 0421935678. "Could you not watch with Me for one hour?" Mt 
26:40}. 
St Vincent’s 
36 Hamilton Avenue. 
Surfers Paradise 
4217 
Sunday - 8 am & 10 am  
(Hispanic Mass – 5.30 pm every Sunday)  
 
Extra parking is available only metres from St Vincent’s Church, King’s 
Car Park, entry via Beach Road. Also, Remembrance Drive opposite the 
church, next to the new Essentia Building. 
Stella Maris  
254 Hedges Avenue, 
Broadbeach, 4218 
Saturday - 5 pm 
 
Sunday  -   7 am  
 
 Hispanic (Latino American) Mass: Fr.  Luis Antonio Diaz Lamus  5:30 pm Mass -  
 Every Sunday -   
 St Vincent’s Catholic Church, Surfers Paradise. Gold Coast Contact: Juan Arrieta. 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 17 ---
For more information, please email: surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
 
 Polish Mass: Fr Jerzy Prucnal (Bowen Hills 3252 2200). 12:30 pm Sacred Heart Church, Clear 
Island Waters. Gold Coast Contact: George Syrek 0411 302 802 -  
 
 Italian Mass: Sunday, Sacred Heart Church at 4 p.m. For further information about the Italian 
Mass on the Gold Coast, please contact Fr Luis Antonio Diaz Lamus (Scalabrinian Missionary) at 
ladl71@hotmail.com  or Giovanna at gianna52@hotmail.com -  
 
 Maronite Mass: Fr Fadi Salame 0421 790 996. The 6.30 pm Maronite Saturday Vigil is at Sacred 
Heart Church, Clear Island Waters. 
 
GO CASHLESS DONATIONS - 
 
AVAILABLE AT THE 
ENTRANCES OF THREE 
CHURCHES - tap once to 
donate $10, tap and other 
higher denominations are now 
available on the new devices. 
 
 
 
HOSPITAL CALLS - AROUND THE DEANERY -  
HELP THE PRIESTS OF THE DEANERY RESPOND TO 
URGENT CALLS EFFECTIVELY BY CALLING THE 
FOLLOWING PARISHES' FIRST RESPONDERS TO NEEDS 
WITHIN THE HOSPITALS LISTED. 
 
To efficiently and promptly address pastoral needs across the 
Catholic parishes of the Gold Coast, the parishes in this 
Deanery practice that the first call for emergencies goes to 
the priests of the parish where the hospital is located.  Here is 
a helpful guide to the hospitals and their attendant priests. A 
nursing home call also follows this procedure: the first priest 
to call is from the parish where the Nursing Home is located.  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 18 ---
Please help us serve the region effectively and prevent 
response delays by calling the nearest parish.  
● Robina Hospital - Burleigh Heads Parish. 5558 0120 
● Pindara Hospital - Surfers Paradise Parish. 56717388 
● John Flynn Hospital - Coolangatta-Tugun Parish. 5598 
2165 
● University & Gold Coast Private Hosp.- Southport Parish. 
5510 2222 
++++ 
CHILDHOOD SACRAMENTS - 2026     
 
  
Baptism 
● Who: Birth to 7 years (older children may need extra preparation) 
● Enrolment & booking: Online  
(STEP 1 REGISTER; STEP 2 BAPTISM ENQUIRY) 
 
● Eligible -  Children aged from birth to 7:  
Email Merla Nario: surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
● Children aged 8+ years: email - sacramental.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  to start 
prep 
● When: Most Sundays, 10:30 am, Sacred Heart Church 
 
● Administrative fee: $130 
 
● How to enrol / info: 
○ Parish site: surfersparadiseparish.com.au (Sacraments > Baptism) 
 
Confirmation 2026 
● Who: Baptised children in Year 3 or greater. (approx age= 8 or 9 years old)  
● When: 2026 prep + rehearsal + confirm 
(parent and child to attend the following sessions)  
● Meeting 1: 20 or 21 July, 5:30 pm 
● Meeting 2: 28 or 29 July, 5:30 pm 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 19 ---
● Rehearsals: 11 or 12 August, 5:30 pm 
● Confirmation: 21 August 2026, 5:00 or 7:00 pm 
 
● Preparation: Preparation Program (parents + children) 
 
● Administrative fee: $150 total for Confirmation & Eucharist prep 
○ How to enrol / info: 
○ Parish site: surfersparadiseparish.com.au (Sacraments > Confirmation) 
○ Enrol: STEP 1 REGISTER; STEP 2 ENROL 
 
● For more info: sacramental.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au 
 
Eucharist (First Holy Communion) 2026 
Who: Year 4+; Baptised & Confirmed (approx 9 to ten years of age) 
 
When (sequence): all elements are required.  
● Session 1:  Tues 10 or Wed 11 March, 5:30 pm (parent and child attend)  
● Session 2:  Tuesday 17 or Wednesday 18 March, 5:30 pm (parent and child attend)  
● Reconciliations: Tuesday 19 May, 5:30 pm (parent and child attend) 
● Rehearsals: Tuesday 26 or Wed 27 May, 5:30 pm (parent and child attend) 
● First Communions: 31 May, 11:00 am or 7 June, 11:00 am (parent and child attend)  
 
Administrative fee: $120 preparation (excludes Confirmation) 
 
Notes: 
If the child was confirmed in 2025, auto-included for 2026 prep; no extra fee if already 
paid in 2025 
 
If confirmed in another parish, follow the First Communion enrolment steps 
 
How to enrol / info: 
Parish site: surfersparadiseparish.com.au (Sacraments > First Holy Communion) 
 
Enrol: STEP 1 REGISTER; STEP 2 ENROL 
 
For more info: sacramental.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
 
General 
All sacraments at Sacred Heart Church, Clear Island Waters, Qld 4226 
Enrolment status or information requests: via parish site links or Sacramental Team 
emails above                                                           
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 20 ---
IN OUR PRAYERS  (Please  let us know when to remove a name from the list). 
FOR THOSE WHO ARE SICK:  Please also pray for the following, who are ill. (Alphabetical)  
Liz Marie Alcaza, Lindsay Allan, Robert Andreas, Joseph Antony, Milroy Antony, Tricia Baumann, 
Phil Bawden, Gregory Bechly, Nellie Bellinger, Donna Bowman, Mary and Leon Brosnan, Tim 
Brown, Margaret and Tony Buckingham, Vicky and Andrew Campora, Gerard Carroll, Danielle 
Cavielli, Nadia Ceh, Tina Conidi, Helen Cooper, Jamie Creed, Shirley Croft, Christopher 
Cunningham, Mary Curmi, Bernie Delaney, Glen Dolan, Christopher Eid, Judi Farrow, John 
Fletcher, John Fox, Lorraine Gallagher, Maralyn Gow, Jenny Haines, Denise Hales, Betty Hannon, 
Gary Haywood, Jenny Johnson, Kevin & Francis Junee, Leona Kelly, Marjorie Kennedy, Kath Kiely, 
Jan Kristenson, Robert Lahey, Dallas Laine, Dannielle Therese Larney, Thi Le, Alvin Lee, Nathan 
Lepp, Grace Lim, Maureen Lloyd, Veronica Lubomski, Victoria MacDonald, Jim Mathews,  l. 
McGuigan, Phil and Anne McGuigan, Leonie McMahon, Anthea McMullin, Brendan Meharry, 
Joanne Mooney, Maryann Moore, Michael & Leslie Murtagh, Eileen O’Mara, Margaret Orme, 
Tommy Osborne, Kevin Owen, Jamie Paterson, Sarah Pawley, Clare Perera, Lesley Petroni, Rachel 
Raines, Gus Reeves, Melba Rentoul, Fabian Restaino, Kath Rice, Sally Rickard, Alan Robinson, Bob 
Rogers, Joan Cecilia Rudd, Jens Ryan-Raison, Marnia Ryan-Raison, Catherine Sawyer, Alf 
Schembri, Maureen Scott, Betty Taylor, Gary Thompson, Leonie and Leonardo Torcaso, Denise 
Tracey, John Zappa. 
 
RECENTLY DECEASED:  (Chronological - Most recent first): 
Fr Peter Casey,  Marie Hare, Aldo Bosio, Patrick McDonagh Snr (Ireland), Carol Rane, Doreen 
Winifriede Millar, Dr Edgar Moo (Brisbane), Leo Aguggia, Maria Gonzalez-Calvino, Patricia 
Mary Nugent, Brian Budgen, Dorothy Day, Padma Hari Harilela, Colin Paterson, Carmel 
Mooney, Cameron Lilagan, Elisha Genevieve Valeza, Patricia Ann Bone, Barry Boulton, Fr Ivan 
Hernon, Marion “Maz” Webb, Leigh Bourke, Roberto Lapenna, Brett Barakat, Eileen O’Meara, 
Judy Parris, Trudy Cummins, Josephine Marchmont, Hans Schrader, Joanne Riddell, Laudy 
Torbey, Peggy Grant, Maureen Joy Webster, Fiori Di Vito, Miranda Santi, Ian Arkins, Paula 
Gardiner, Paolo Galli, Raymundo Isaga, Dulcie Kathleen Chant, Ross Keys, Josephine Barletta, 
Raulaana Llana, Paul Trad, Monica Doyle, Charlie Restall,  Armado Cano, Jose Antao. 
 
ANNIVERSARY OF DEATH: This week’s Anniversaries (Alphabetical)  (25th Jan- 30th Jan 2026) 
Marie Ethel Ashby, Maria Beer, Peter Capolupo, Anne Elizabeth Carney, Graciella Del 
Carmen Chapman, Walter Phillip Ciabattoni, Armando Covino, Klaus Diga, Jeffrey Eric 
Fittler, Berice May Flannery, Raymond John Ford, David William Foster, Glenis Maria 
Gaffney, Nicola Di Giannantonio, Ronda Jean Terese Hall, Cheryl Anne Hamwood, Susan 
Marie Hogan, Teresa Jackson, Waldemar Kaczor, Zvonimir Leopold Karlich, Gloria Klaasen, 
Dr David Lee, Kresmir Lukin, Mons Robert Lyons, Kenneth John (Ken) Maccheroni, Anna 
Marinic, Raelene Mavis Maroney, Fr Brian McMullen, Stanley Nalepa, Hilda O'Donnell, Jack 
O'Donnell, John Pascoe, Jacqueline Feriel Rivet, Len Scully, Susan-Gai Walsh. 
Last Week’s anniversaries: (18th Jan- 24th Jan 2026) 
Wally Bereth, Peter Bernardi, William Rankin Birmingham, Joseph Borg, Margaret Mary 
Byrnes, Margaret (Peg) Byrnes, Ivan Michael Clark, Clifford Archie (Cliff) Cowell, Kenneth 
Charles Emmerton, Donna Marie Faulkner, Mons Bartholomew Frawley, Joe Habib, Stan 
Hancock, Fr John Hegarty, Bernadette Hennessey, Raymond Cezerẽ (Ray) Hoareau, Malcolm 
Holmes, Franco Innocenti, Trevor Raymond Karst, Martin James (Jim) Kerlin, Josephine 
Lenaghan, Ted Llewellen, Nell McLeod, John Warren Monahan, Kenneth (Ken) Montgomery, 
Johann Ofner, Dell O’Neill, Grazyna Palac, Kath Power, Fr Sylvester Ryan, Maurice Stout, 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 21 ---
Albert Antonio Vosti, Paul Anthony Zappa, Dan Ziebarth. 
GROUNDS CAFE - UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT  
The Café - “Sacred Grounds”  is Located at the Former Atrium Building near the Sacred Heart 
Church.   
PARISH CAFE - ALL SYSTEMS GO -  
 Sacred Grounds Cafe under new management 
Meet Dmitri, Demid, and Svetlana 
Schodin, the new owners of Sacred 
Grounds Cafe on the grounds of the 
parish. They are a very friendly, lovely, 
young family. The cafe's food is delicious, 
and the atmosphere is vibrant and warm. Come and make 
them feel welcome and support a local business!  
The Sacred Grounds will be open from 7 am to 4 pm each day. 
They specialise in Coffee, breakfasts, lunches, and a takeaway 
menu, and they even bake on premises!  
The café near the Sacred Heart Church is a wonderful 
gathering place for parishioners, school parents, staff, and 
the wider public. The café is in the old Atrium building.   
This allows community building whilst giving the church the 
space it needs for its Masses, Weddings, Baptisms and 
solemn Funerals.   
Please support this excellent continuation of the parish 
vision.  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 22 ---
NOTICES AND MESSAGES  - Our parish number is 5671 7388  
 
RELIGIOUS GOODS SHOPS - SACRED HEART AND ST VINCENT’S CHURCHES 
Available this week the Lenten reflection resource for 2026 called The Journey Home. 
The Journey Home has been written by our guest writer, Archbishop Emeritus Mark 
Coleridge, former Archbishop of Brisbane. With a background in studying Sacred Scripture at 
the Pontifical Biblical Institute, and many years of experience teaching scripture, we are 
delighted to offer this resource to you. Available now in the Religious Goods Shops. $5. 
 
WCCM -  WORLD COMMUNITY FOR CHRISTIAN MEDITATION (ON SUMMER BREAK - 
RESUMES  3 FEBRUARY 2026) 
 
This meditation group meets each Tuesday in the Morris Prayer Room located at 50 Fairway 
Drive, Clear Island Waters from 10 am to 11 am.   This is followed by a Scripture Study of the 
following Sunday’s Mass readings from 11 am to 12 pm.  You are welcome to attend either one. If 
you are new to meditation, we will assist you in learning about WCCM and the practice of 
Christian Meditation.  For more information, please contact Pam Egberts at 0493 742 670.  
 
SACRED HEART ROSARY PRAYER GROUP 
Please join us to pray The Stations of the Cross, The Divine Mercy and The Rosary each day at 
8:00 am at the Sacred Heart Church before 9 a.m. Mass, Monday through Friday, including First 
Saturdays.  
 
MARIAN VALLEY SHRINE - PILGRIMAGE 
Please come and join us at the Marian Valley Church for Our Lady of Lourdes annual pilgrimage 
of the sick and elderly on 11th February (Wednesday) and on 13th February (Friday) Our Lady of 
Fatima feast.  The bus leaves at 8.15am sharp on both days, from 50 Fairway Drive, Clear Island 
Waters.  The cost of the bus fare per person for each trip is $25.00 return.  You can secure your 
seat for both days with contact name and phone number to XAVIER SOLOMON 0404 843 260 
and MADELEINE 5529 1573.  If you need further information, please contact XAVIER. 
 
ART AND CRAFT GROUP   
The Group meets in the Parish Hospitality Centre on Wednesdays  
from 9 am to 12 noon. Activities include 
● Art (watercolour, oils, acrylics, pen and ink drawing, etc.) 
● Various kinds of Craftwork (Knitting, Embroidery, Crocheting, Card making, Sewing, etc.) 
● Making Rosary Beads (later sent to the missions) 
● And any other activities that individuals may have an interest in, or you can bring in your 
own ideas. A very relaxing and social environment - meet new friends! You are most welcome to 
join.  For further information, phone the Parish Office. 
 
THE SACRED HEART BRIDGE CLUB-  
Sacred Heart Bridge Club  - Join Our Bridge Club! - Meet, Play, and Enjoy the Game of Bridge. 
Looking for a fun, social, and stimulating activity? Whether you're a returning player or a 
Beginner wanting to learn, our Bridge Club welcomes players of all levels!  
Where: Hospitality Room 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 23 ---
When: Monday and Wednesday from 1.00 pm 
Contact: Cheryl on 0417 772 701 
✔ Friendly Atmosphere  ✔ Lessons for Beginners  ✔ Weekly Games  ✔ Tea, Coffee & Good 
Company!   Come for the cards, stay for the camaraderie! 
 
YOGA AT THE PARISH HOSPITALITY CENTRE -  
Join us for our social class in the Parish Hospitality Centre next to the Parish Office. Classes run 
every Tuesday at 10:45 a.m. Learn to relax while gaining greater flexibility, inner strength, body 
awareness, and concentration, while increasing your breath support and overall well-being. Ruth 
is an IYTA-accredited instructor with extensive experience and offers a caring, carefully 
monitored one-hour session for $10 (new attendees, please arrive by 10:30 a.m. to prepare 
adequately for class). For more information, please email surfers@bne.catholic.net.au.  
 
OUR LADY’S STATUE -  
Praying the Rosary - Our Lady’s Statue in the Parish - Details of the Statue of Our Lady are going 
around the Parish.  If you would like her in your home and to say the Rosary, please contact 
Maxine or Pat. For more information, please email: psela@bigpond.com   or 
surfers@bne.catholic.net.au         
26/01/26   Eileen & Julio Camera - Nerang 
02/02/26  Nardine & Ayline Merrimac 
09/02/26   Nardine & Ayline Merrimac 
16/02/26   Helen & Thor Merrimac 
23/02/26   Helen & Thor Merrimac 
 
SACRED HEART CHURCH PARKING 
A special notice - when parking, please leave the emergency and taxi pickup “yellow painted 
area” clear for ambulance or brief taxi drop off and pickup and the disabled parking areas are 
only for disability permit persons - thanks for your assistance in ensuring this important 
compliance] 
 
EXERCISE CLASS - LOW IMPACT - FOR HEART HEALTH -  
Join Rochelle for a fun, functional exercise class at Casey Hall. Low-impact cardiovascular 
exercises for heart health, improve strength and balance- an all-around fitness class for over 
65’s. Stretch and strengthen the whole body, make new friends and feel great.  Tuesday mornings 
@9.30 Beginners welcome. Contact Rochelle.  For more information, please email: 
surfers@bne.catholic.net.au or call 07 5671 7388.  
 
BIBLE STUDY/PRAYER GROUP - ST VINCENT’S CHURCH, SURFERS PARADISE.   
(ON SUMMER BREAK - RESUMES on  6th FEBRUARY  2026) 
The Bible Study Prayer Group meets every Friday from 5 pm-6 pm at St Vincent’s Church  
(40 Hamilton Ave, Surfers Paradise).  
Join us for a read/study break and open The Word weekly from 5 pm to 6 pm. For further 
enquiries, please contact the Parish Office. surfers@bne.catholic.net.au 
 
PRAYER GROUP - SPANISH SPEAKER 
Jesús de la Misericordia. Invites you to participate on the 2nd Saturday of each month from 11 am 
to 2 pm.   Place: Hospitality Room.  Sacred Heart Church.  “We praise, We praise, We grow 
spiritually from the Word of the Lord.”  For more information, please contact Grace. For more 
information, please email: grace.flowers.art@hotmail.com  or  surfers@bne.catholic.net.au - 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 24 ---
To tune in to  Our parish Podcast of the Mass for Sundays and Solemnities,  please visit regularly 
the following link: To listen to the Sunday Mass each week (including homily) from Surfers 
Paradise Catholic Parish, please visit this link: Liturgy for you at Home (by SPCP) -  
https://soundcloud.com/user-633212303/tracks     
Also found at -   https://tinyurl.com/FHLpwk   
 
A VOCATION VIEW:  GIFTS OF PRICELESS VALUE 
Jesus said: "Come after me, and I will make you fishers of people." Today he 
could say: "I will make you mechanics of souls; doctors of wounded hearts, 
counsellors of broken families; clowns in a joyless society." But regardless, 
Come.  
To talk to someone about your vocation, contact  Vocation Brisbane:  1300 133 544.  
vocation@bne.catholic.net.au  and  www.vocationbrisbane.com      
 
 
STEWARDSHIP REFLECTION -   Calling  
“He called them, and immediately they left their boat and their father and followed 
Him.” Matthew 4:22 
Just as Jesus called the first apostles, He calls each of us to follow Him, too. Not 
everyone is called to leave their business or family behind, but we are expected to put 
God first in everything. In gratitude to God, we should give our first and best of 
everything to Him: our time in daily prayer, our talent in participating in one of our 
parish ministries and our treasure to support the financial needs of our parish mission. 
The vision of Stewardship speaks in every aspect of life, inviting everyone to be 
thankful, generous and accountable for what each has been given. 
+++++++++++++++++ 
TAKE FIVE FOR FAITH -  There is strength in gentleness 
“Behold, I come to do your will, O God.” (Hebrews 10:1-10).  
Francis de Sales is famous for his gentleness. He used it on his stubborn father, 
convincing him that he was meant to become a priest rather than a lawyer. It was a 
virtue Francis tapped to win back hardened Calvinists to the Catholic faith following the 
Protestant Reformation, a time of deep bitterness. Explaining that a “spoonful of honey 
gathers more flies than a barrel full of vinegar,” Saint Francis practised what he 
preached by greeting everyone with simple kindness, speaking good-naturedly about 
the goodness, truth, and beauty of the Catholic faith. “Be who you are and be that 
well,” he reminds us in Introduction to the Devout Life.   
SIGN UP FOR "TAKE FIVE" ww.takefiveforfaith.com/subscribe.  
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 25 ---
JOBS AROUND THE ARCHDIOCESE 
https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/careers/  
The Archdiocese of Brisbane has standards of conduct for workers to maintain a safe and healthy 
environment for children.  Our commitment to these standards requires conducting Working 
With Children checks and background referencing for all persons who will engage in direct and 
regular involvement with children and young people (0 - 18 years) or adults at risk. The 
organisation is fully committed to child safety and has zero tolerance for abusing children or 
adults at risk. 
PARISH FINANCIAL SUPPORT 
Your support is needed to help our Parish continue 
valuable pastoral activities and ensure ongoing 
sustainability. You can give here to assist you in 
supporting the Parish.      
 
If you can continue to support us, we would be most 
grateful. We thank all who have made payments by credit 
card and those who have donated directly to the parish 
account. The pay-wave or tap-and-go machines on the 
timber stands in our Churches are also a safe and handy 
way to donate to the Parish. God bless you for your 
support. If you want confirmation of your donation or a 
receipt emailed, please contact me at 
slaters@bne.catholic.net.au  .   
To join planned giving, please contact the Parish Office: (07) 
56717388 (9 am–2 pm Mon-Thursday or 9 am-12 noon Fri). 
 
Also - Bequest information. If you wish to make a Bequest 
in your will, please contact the Parish Office - 
surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 26 ---
THIS WEEKEND’S GOSPEL -To listen to the whole Sunday Mass each week (including homily) 
from Surfers Paradise Catholic Parish, including the Easter Mass - please visit this link:  
 
Liturgy for you at Home (by SPCP) - https:- soundcloud.com/user-633212303/tracks.  
 
Third Sunday  A Year A - Sunday, 25 January 2026 
 
 
Image Credit- 
https://creator.nightcafe.studio/creation/qncmknqSptH1K0xH9Rvn/jesus-calls-out-to-the-four-apostles-in-their-fishing-boats-the-
miraculous-catch-of-fish?ru=Paul-Evangelion  
 
What are the things that make for peace? A listening ear, a humility of heart, that 
allows us to swallow our pride and really listen to people around us and their 
experiences. The readings this weekend remind us of how important it is that we 
remain united, united in Christ and respectful of each other, one big family, one 
big community in Christ. Christ is our peace, and so when we stay connected to 
Christ and united with one another, we're in good hands. 
+++ 
If we thought that the early church was more filled with the Spirit, more united, 
more idyllic than ours is 2,000 years later, the second reading quickly brings us 
back to reality. 
 
The Corinthian community in New Testament times had just as many 
misunderstandings, conflicts, personality clashes, power plays, and ego clashes as 
one can see in modern society. The Corinthian community was, at the time of St. 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 27 ---
Paul's letter, quite divided. There was bickering and fragmentation, ambition, 
pride, political wrangling, and misunderstanding, which were damaging the 
community badly. 
 
And the second reading tells us that people were actually taking sides along the 
lines of various personalities in the community, rather than the message of Jesus' 
Gospel. But St. Paul implores the community members to remember their unity 
in Jesus. In order that we put our service in the hands of Jesus' good news, St. 
Paul reminds us, today as much as back then, that fostering a sense of unity, that 
is seeing ourselves as all on about one and the same mission, one single project 
with different aspects, this mindset is absolutely essential. 
 
The Gospel passage about the disciples being called by Christ is a wonderful 
example of the response a disciple should have, and it also carries a deeper 
metaphorical meaning. Jesus called his disciples, and they dropped everything to 
follow him immediately. They did this literally and also figuratively. 
 
They left their previous life behind and its attachments, and, in a real sense, 
forgot themselves and their own plans and ambitions, and now followed the new 
path of being about Christ's vision. St. Paul in the second reading continues this 
theme of self-forgetting and Christ-focusing. If there is to be any ambition at all, 
as St. Paul said, it must only be the ambition to support each other and all others 
in Christ, with all our hearts. 
 
If there is to be any competition in a Christian community, it should be to excel in 
showing the true mutual kindness and compassion of Christ to one another, 
striving with every effort to work together toward our vision, looking outward 
and forward toward the goal our Lord himself has set. St. Paul, when he says this, 
knew that this was not always easy; in fact, it requires sacrifice, humility and a 
real dedication. Naturally, divisions can occur for many reasons. 
 
People may genuinely and honestly disagree on how to achieve a particular value 
or goal, but, as St. Paul says in another letter, the answer to such dilemmas 
ultimately comes down to the fundamental debt we owe to one another. This 
time, he was speaking to the Roman community of believers. And he said in that 
case, the only thing we owe each other is this, the debt of mutual love. 
 
Don't throw up any other debt that someone owes you. The one and true debt 
that we owe each other, that really needs to be called in, is a debt of mutual love 
and respect for each other. In everything we do, in everything we say, it must be 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 28 ---
for the furtherance of Christ's gospel and at the service of establishing God's 
kingdom. 
 
It must never merely be our own needs and ambitions that we're following. We 
are all for Christ and we're not for anyone else or anything else. Jesus is the light. 
 
In baptism, we are called to carry this light of Christ to each other. Jesus shone his 
own divine light to others in many wonderful practical ways. He did it by 
forgiving, healing, welcoming, sharing, inviting and giving. 
 
We think about the many ways we're invited to bring Christ's light to others, and 
especially in what we do and say, to make the light of Christ shine brighter in us. 
We're striving with God's grace and hope to be united in one purpose and heart 
for God's kingdom. 
++ 
References: Fr. Paul W. Kelly;  Barclay, W. (1975). The Gospel of Matthew. Part I.  2nd 
ed. Edinburgh: St. Andrew Press. 
   
Image Credit- 
https://creator.nightcafe.studio/creation/qncmknqSptH1K0xH9Rvn/jesus-calls-out-to
-the-four-apostles-in-their-fishing-boats-the-miraculous-catch-of-fish?ru=Paul-Evang
elion  
 
To listen to the Sunday Mass each week (including homily) from Surfers Paradise Catholic Parish, please visit this 
link: Liturgy for you at Home (by SPCP) -  https://soundcloud.com/user-633212303/tracks  
  
Also found at -   https://tinyurl. 
 
To listen to the Sunday Mass each week (including homily) from Surfers Paradise 
Catholic Parish, please visit this link: Liturgy for you at Home (by SPCP) - https:- 
soundcloud.com/user-633212303/tracks. 
 
THE WISDOM OF THE SAINTS:  
 
➔  January 25 - F - The Conversion of Saint Paul, Apostle 
◆ This date, first linked with the conversion of Saint Paul in the so-called 
Martyrdom of Jerome (c. 431), became established in the liturgy of Gaul. 
Celebrates the work of God's grace at a major turning point in the life of 
Paul himself and in the history of the infant Church. 
◆ Acts 9 tells the story in a third-person narrative: As he neared Damascus 
on his journey, a light from heaven suddenly flashed around him. He fell 
to the ground and heard a voice say to him, "Saul, Saul, why do you 
persecute me?" "Who are you, Lord?" Saul asked. 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 29 ---
◆ "I am Jesus, whom you are persecuting," he replied. "Now get up and go 
into the city, and you will be told what you must do." 
◆ The men travelling with Saul stood there speechless; they heard the 
sound but did not see anyone. Paul got up from the ground, but he could 
see nothing when he opened his eyes. So they led him by the hand into 
Damascus. For three days, he was blind and did not eat or drink anything. 
— Acts 9:3–9, NIV[13] 
➔ January 26 - Australia Day 
◆ (From the Preface of Australia Day)  
◆ From ancient times, you made this land 
◆ a home for many peoples 
◆ and became their rock of strength; 
◆ when they were hungry, you gave them food, 
◆ and when thirsty, water even in the desert. 
◆ To all, your providence has proclaimed 
◆ the Good News of Jesus Christ, your Son, 
◆ sent by you to be the Saviour of all the world, 
◆ who has brought peace by his sacrifice on the Cross. 
◆ And so, we lift our voices to you this day, 
◆ and with the people you have made your own, 
◆ from every race and tongue, every place and time. 
◆ we join in the song of the Angels in heaven 
➔ January 27 - m - Saint Angela Merici, virgin 
◆ Born in Desenzano (Italy) about 1474. Died in Brescia on this day in 1540. 
Became a Franciscan tertiary and subsequently founded the Company of 
Saint Ursula (Ursulines). Her vision provided an alternative to the forms 
of religious life available for women: members remained in their own 
homes, living as virgins and observing a rule she composed. She is 
remembered as a woman of prayer, for her evangelical way of life, for her 
pilgrimages, and for her creative response to the needs of women in the 
Church. 
◆ Quotes:  
◆ You will accomplish more by kind words and a courteous manner than by 
anger or sharp rebuke, which should never be used except in necessity.   
◆ Do not lose heart, even if you should discover that you lack the qualities 
necessary for the work to which you are called. He who called you will 
not desert you, but he will stretch out his saving hand when you are in 
need. 
◆ Strive to be faithful to that which God has called you. 
◆ Reflect that, in reality, you have a greater need to serve [the poor] than 
they have of your service. 
◆ Beware of trying to accomplish anything by force. 
◆ We must give alms. Charity wins souls and draws them to virtue. 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 30 ---
◆ Keep to the ancient way and custom of the Church, established and 
confirmed by so many Saints under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. And 
live a new life. Pray, and get others to pray, that God does not abandon 
His Church, but reform it as He pleases, and as He sees best for us, and 
more to His honour and glory. 
➔ January 28 - M - Saint Thomas Aquinas, priest and doctor of the Church  
◆ There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship. - 
Thomas Aquinas 
◆ If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it 
in port forever. 
◆ Man cannot live without joy; therefore, when he is deprived of true 
spiritual joys, it is necessary that he become addicted to carnal pleasures. 
◆ We can't have full knowledge all at once. We must start by believing; 
then afterwards, we may be led on to master the evidence for ourselves. 
◆ It is requisite for the relaxation of the mind that we make use, from time 
to time, of playful deeds and jokes. 
◆ If, then, you are looking for the way by which you should go, take Christ 
because He is the way. 
◆ Love takes up where knowledge leaves off. 
◆ For a war to be just, three things are necessary. First, the authority of the 
sovereign. Secondly, a just cause. Thirdly, a rightful intention. 
◆ To convert somebody, go and take them by the hand and guide them. 
◆ All the efforts of the human mind cannot exhaust the essence of a single 
fly. 
◆ Well-ordered self-love is right and natural. 
◆ By nature, all people are equal in liberty, but not in other endowments 
◆ Justice is a certain rectitude of mind whereby a man does what he ought 
to do in the circumstances confronting him. 
◆ Reason in man is rather like God in the world. 
◆ The knowledge of God is the cause of things. For the knowledge of God is 
to all creatures what the knowledge of the artificer is to things made by 
his art. 
◆ To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, 
no explanation is possible. 
◆ The things that we love tell us what we are. 
◆ Better to illuminate than merely to shine, to deliver to others 
contemplated truths than merely to contemplate. 
◆ Wonder is the desire for knowledge. 
◆ Because we cannot know what God is, but only what He is not, we 
cannot consider how He is but only how He is not. 
◆ To bear with patience wrongs done to oneself is a mark of perfection, but 
to bear with patience wrongs done to someone else is a mark of 
imperfection and even of actual sin. 
◆ Temperance is simply a disposition of the mind which binds the passion. 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 31 ---
◆ A man has free choice to the extent that he is rational. -  
◆ The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if 
any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as 
dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false. 
◆ How is it they live in such harmony with the billions of stars - when most 
people can barely go a minute without declaring war in their minds about 
someone they know? 
◆ Not everything more difficult is more meritorious. 
◆ Three things are necessary for the salvation of man: to know what he 
ought to believe, to know what he ought to desire, and to know what he 
ought to do. 
◆ Good can exist without evil, whereas evil cannot exist without good. 
◆ Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends, 
even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious.  
◆ The highest manifestation of life consists in this: that a being governs its 
own actions. A thing that is always subject to the direction of another is 
somewhat of a dead thing. 
◆ Happiness is secured through virtue; it is a good attained by man's own 
will. 
◆ Most people seem to live according to sense rather than reason. 
◆ Three conditions are necessary for Penance: contrition, which is sorrow 
for sin, together with a purpose of amendment; confession of sins 
without any omission; and satisfaction through good works. 
◆ If forgers and malefactors are put to death by the secular power, there is 
much more reason for excommunicating and even putting to death one 
convicted of heresy.Share this Quote 
◆ Law is nothing other than a certain ordinance of reason for the common 
good, promulgated by the person who has the care of the community. 
◆ Pray thee, spare, thyself at times: for it becomes a wise man sometimes 
to relax the high pressure of his attention to work. 
◆ Clearly the person who accepts the Church as an infallible guide will 
believe whatever the Church teaches. 
◆ How can we live in harmony? First, we need to know we are all madly in 
love with the same God. 
◆ It is possible to demonstrate God's existence, although not a priori, yet a 
posteriori from some work of His more surely known to us. 
◆ Law; an ordinance of reason for the common good, made by him who has 
care of the community. 
◆ Sorrow can be alleviated by good sleep, a bath and a glass of wine. 
◆ Every judgement of conscience, be it right or wrong, be it about things 
evil in themselves or morally indifferent, is obligatory, in such wise that 
he who acts against his conscience always sins. 
◆ Beware of the person of one book. 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 32 ---
◆ Faith has to do with things that are not seen and hope with things that 
are not at hand. 
➔ January 31 - M - Saint John Bosco, priest and religious founder.  A love that 
works  
◆ At the height of the Industrial Revolution, impoverished Italian boys were 
drawn to the city of Turin in search of factory work. But, for many 
reasons, they fell on hard times and were often jailed. Saint John Bosco 
helped them with lodging, education, vocational training, and just plain 
patience and loving care. He also protected young workers from 
unscrupulous employers by crafting signed apprenticeship 
agreements—the first real employment contracts used in Europe. He 
revolutionised the work of educators, too, writing: “Without confidence 
and love, there can be no true education. If you want to be loved … you 
must love yourselves and make your children feel that you love them.” 
◆ “Consider how he endured such opposition from sinners so that you may 
not grow weary and lose heart.” 
 
 PAPAL REFLECTION -  
  
  
Image Credit- supplied -  front cover of book on Pope Leo XIV  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 33 ---
[Catholic Outlook contributor] 
 
New book highlights Pope Leo XIV’s connection with Australia 
 
Since his appointment in May 2025, Pope Leo XIV has captured global 
attention as the first pope from the Order of St Augustine and the first American 
elected to the papacy. 
While many books have explored his American roots and ministry in Peru, few 
have highlighted his unique connection to Australia. 
 
Pope Leo XIV: His Story and Australian Connection is the first book by Fr David 
Austin OSA, former Provincial of the Augustinians in Australia, and now Prior 
and Associate Pastor at Holy Spirit Parish, St Clair, in the Diocese of 
Paramatta. 
 
Fr Dave, who considers the Pope a good friend after many years of contact with 
him in the province and at overseas meetings, shines a light on this 
lesser-known chapter of his life. 
 
From New South Wales to Victoria and Queensland, [the future Pope] met 
parishioners, students and staff in Augustinian parishes and schools, leaving a 
lasting impression on all he encountered. 
 
Reflecting on the task of writing, Fr Dave described both his initial enthusiasm 
and the challenge of being faithful to the detail that would be of interest to the 
Australian reader. 
 
He recalls that when he studied for the priesthood in Philadelphia in the 1960s, 
along with other Augustinians from Australia, the seminarians’ summer 
destination was actually the Minor Seminary High School in Holland, Michigan, 
which Pope Leo later attended. Fr Dave’s experience of studying in Chicago in 
the mid-1990s and in 2018 helped him to capture in his writing some of the 
spirit of the city in which Pope Leo grew up. 
 
Six degrees of separation 
 
The book recounts Pope Leo’s six visits to Australia between 2002 and 2010, 
when he served as Prior General of the Augustinian Order. From New South 
Wales to Victoria and Queensland, he met parishioners, students and staff in 
Augustinian parishes and schools, leaving a lasting impression on all he 
encountered. For many Australians, these memories resurfaced warmly when 
he was elected pope. 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 34 ---
From reflections on Fr Bob’s tennis prowess to more formal visits, there is much 
to reminisce about in the book. 
 
Tracing his journey from his birth in Chicago through his ministry in Peru, 
leadership as Prior General, and role as cardinal and bishop, the book also 
explores his deep Augustinian spirituality. 
In his opening address to the world, Pope Leo declared, ‘I am an Augustinian, a 
son of St Augustine.’ His papal motto, In Illo uno unum (‘In the one Christ we 
are one’), drawn from St Augustine’s sermon on Psalm 127, reflects the unity at 
the heart of his ministry. 
 
The book also tells the story of the Augustinians in Australia, from the chance 
beginnings of their chapter to the establishment of the first Augustinian priory in 
Victoria in 1886, and finally to Holy Spirit Parish, St Clair, 30 years ago. From 
reflections on Fr Bob’s tennis prowess to more formal visits, there is much to 
reminisce about in the book. 
 
A local celebration 
 
Fr Dave launched the book on 6 November at St Kieran’s Parish, Manly Vale, 
NSW, with Fr Peter Jones OSA, the current Provincial. 
 
‘The feedback has been very positive so far,’ Fr Dave said, noting the book is 
aimed at a wide readership, including parishioners, those interested in the 
Augustinian way of life and in Australian history, and scholars. 
I found it quite exciting ... I was writing about the Church, which I love. 
‘Writing about Augustinian spirituality in the third part was the hardest, as I 
wanted to present a complete picture which covered all relevant aspects and 
was consistent with the work of other writers before me,’ he explained. 
Fr Dave completed the book in about three months alongside his existing 
ministries, but he was eager to take on the challenge. 
‘I found it quite exciting,’ he said. ‘It was spiritually nourishing. 
He added, ‘I was writing about the Church, which I love.’ 
 
Pope Leo XIV: His Story and Australian Connection is available from Catholic 
bookshops or directly from St Paul’s Publications here. 
This story was originally published in Catholic Outlook, a publication of the 
Diocese of Parramatta. 
  
 ++++ 
LINKS & RESOURCES 
Liturgy for you at Home (produced by SPP): https:- soundcloud.com/user-633212303/tracks 
Weekly Homily (produced by SPP): https:- homilycatholic.blogspot.com 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 35 ---
Surfers Paradise Parish Facebook: https:- www.facebook.com/surferscatholic/ 
Breaking Parish News (SPP Blog):  https:- news-parish.blogspot.com/ 
EthicsFinder is a free, global, digital resource of immense value to interested parishioners. Try 
ACU’s free digital tool, www.ethicsfinder.com.  
 
Next Sunday’s Readings:   
(Fourth Sunday in Ordinary Time. Year A) 
FIRST READING- Zeph 2:3; 3:12-13 
Ps 146:6c-7, 8-9a, 9b-10   - “Happy the poor in spirit, the Kingdom of 
heaven is theirs!” 
SECOND READING- 1 Cor 1:26-31 
GOSPEL ACCLAMATION (Matt 5:12a) “Alleluia, alleluia! Rejoice and be 
glad. Your reward will be great in Heaven.” 
GOSPEL- Matt 5:1-12a 
 
Commitment to Child Safety and Adults at Risk.  We are committed to ensuring the safety and 
well-being of all members of our community. Please see the pages below for more information. 
……………….. 
 
Acknowledgement of Country -  
This is Kombumerri Country, the traditional custodian of this region. 
We respectfully acknowledge the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people as the First People 
of this country. We pay our respects to the Kombumerri people, the traditional custodians of the 
land, waterways and seas upon which we live, work and socialise throughout this Catholic Parish 
of Surfers Paradise. We acknowledge Elders, past and present and emerging, as they hold our 
Indigenous people's memories, traditions, culture and hopes. We pay tribute to those who have 
contributed to the community's life in many ways. We affirm our commitment to justice, healing, 
and reconciliation between Indigenous and non-Indigenous peoples. (See further: The 
Kombumerri People and 
https://kombumerritogetherproject.com/digital-resources/yugambeh-language/)  
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
** The significance of the ancient Catholic Blessing Symbol. “20 C+M+B 26” 
An ancient medieval practice in the Catholic Church was to bless one’s home with blessed chalk 
on the annual Solemnity of the Epiphany.  On the door or the lintel will be this symbol: 
 
20 + C + M + B + 26 * 
*  “Caspar, Melchior and Balthasar” (the traditional names of the Three Wise Men) 
And also representing the prayer:  *Christus Mansionem Benedicat  
 May Christ bless this home.   
This means that 2000 years ago, after Christ’s birth, the Wise Men visited, paid homage to the 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 36 ---
Lord, and were welcomed into the Holy Family’s hospitality. We dedicate the present year, ‘26, of 
this century to the protection of the Lord.  
May the Lord bless this abode.  
The letters C+M+B represent Caspar, Balthasar and Melchior, the three Wise Men.  CMB is also 
the initials of the Latin prayer “Christus Mansionem Benedicat” - “May Christ Bless this dwelling 
place/ abode/ home.”  
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
Prayer to the Blessed Virgin Mary (Never Known to Fail) 
O Most Beautiful Flower of Mount Carmel, 
Fruitful Vine, Splendour of Heaven, 
Blessed Mother of the Son of God, 
Immaculate Virgin, assist me in my necessity. 
O Star of the Sea, help me and show me here you are my Mother. 
O Holy Mary, Mother of God, 
Queen of Heaven and Earth, 
I humbly beseech you from the bottom of my heart to succour me in this necessity.  
(make your request here). 
 
There are none that can withstand your power. 
O Mary, conceived without sin, 
Pray for us who have recourse to thee. (3 times) 
Holy Mary, I place this cause in your hands. (3 times) 
Amen. 
 
 
SYNOD 24 - ARCHDIOCESE OF BRISBANE - ACTION PLANS  
For in-depth resources please visit the following link: 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1taBpy2wR96rMslEbWHpiDI3jaDpS_rzYJ_iqYL
QWygw/edit?usp=sharing  
 Safeguarding Framework 
“The Church loves all her children like a loving mother, but cares for all and protects with a 
special affection those who are smallest and defenceless. This is the duty that Christ himself 
entrusted to the entire Christian community.” 
– Apostolic Letter issued ‘motu proprio’ by the Supreme Pontiff Francis 4 June 2016 
 
Purpose 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 37 ---
The purpose of the Archdiocesan Safeguarding Framework is to promote a culture of 
safeguarding within the Archdiocese and reduce the risks of abuse and harm. 
Scope 
The Safeguarding Framework applies to all parishes, ministries, and agencies under the 
jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Brisbane. 
 
The framework applies to all Archdiocesan workers. 
Framework 
National Catholic Safeguarding Standards 
The Archdiocese adopts and adheres to the National Catholic Safeguarding Standards. The 
Standards apply to all parishes, ministries, and agencies under the jurisdiction of the 
Archbishop. 
Commitment Statement 
The Archdiocese has zero tolerance for all forms of abuse and is committed to safeguarding 
everyone involved in its activities, ministries, and services. 
 
The safety and well-being of children and adults-at-risk is paramount. 
Safeguarding Principles 
The following principles guide safeguarding practice in the Archdiocese: 
Safeguarding is a shared responsibility. 
Everyone who interacts with the Archdiocese is treated with dignity and respect. 
The protection and best interests of children and adults at risk are prioritised. 
Safe physical and online environments are provided. 
Safeguarding and abuse risks are actively identified and managed. 
Compliance with safeguarding standards, policies, procedures, and guidelines is monitored. 
Abuse concerns, suspicions, disclosures, allegations, reports and incidents are responded to 
promptly and effectively. 
All statutory obligations to report suspected abuse or harm are complied with. 
Safeguarding Governance    -Monitoring and Compliance 
The Archdiocese of Brisbane is committed to continuous improvement of its safeguarding 
practice, and compliance with the National Catholic Safeguarding Standards is monitored 
through a program of internal and external auditing. 
Non-compliance with this framework, which seriously jeopardises the safety and wellbeing of 
others, will be reported to the Vicar General and may be grounds for disciplinary action 
resulting in dismissal or termination of employment and reporting to church and/or statutory 
authorities. 
Download a copy of the Archdiocesan Safeguarding Framework 
For more information about the Archdiocesan Safeguarding Framework, contact the Office for 
Safeguarding Services at safeguarding@bne.catholic.net.au   
or on 07 3324 3752. 
 https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/   
 - Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -     
See also this video on safeguarding -   https://youtu.be/8AASkl-Sr1A?si=OF6XwqzagYt5fF9d  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding 
officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)-  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 38 ---
StopLine - The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
● Safeguarding Officer - Surfers Parish - (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn 
Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  - phone - 0409 486 326  
 
Safeguarding Officer - Surfers Paradise Parish - Robyn Hunt 
 
● STOPline    
http://bnecatholic.stoplinereport.com 
Email:  AOB@stopline.com.au 
Phone:  1300 304 550 
STOPline is an independent service that receives information about suspected abuse, harm 
and other serious misconduct by workers (including priests, religious employees, educators, 
practitioners, support workers and volunteers). 
● Archdiocese of Brisbane   
https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/support/safeguard 
● Office for Safeguarding Services:  
Phone:  07 3324 3752 
Email:  safeguarding@bne.catholic.net.au 
www.brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding 
Level 2 Penola Place, 142 Edward Street, Brisbane 
● Professional Standards Office Queensland 
 www.psoqld.catholic.net.au 
● Safeguarding Training 
https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/safeguarding-training 
 
● Incident Report Form 
For more details on safeguarding please visit here:   
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ja2NmPbkoqk5Jw4bfDdZVRwWHAIPQfn7qU5uQZ3oYD8
/edit?usp=sharing  
 
Sacred Heart Church and Parish office -   (directions and location) 
 
50 Fairway Drive. Clear Island Waters. Queensland 4226  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 39 ---
(The best entry is the southern entrance off Fairway Drive, nearest to Santa Cruz Boulevard). 
 
 
map:  -  
https://www.google.com/search?q=50+fairway+drive+clear+island+waters+qld+map&rlz=1C1GCEA_enAU797AU79
7&oq=50+fairway+drive+clear+island+waters+qld+map&aqs=chrome..69i57.8142j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8 
 
Please see below for a photo of the Catholic Parish office ……(with the name “Glendalough - Parish Office” written 
on a sign over the door - Glendalough is pronounced “Glenda-lock” and is named after a famous Irish location 
where Catholic Saint Kevin lived- one of our schools in the parish is named St Kevin’s in honour that patron saint).  
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 40 ---
Below is a picture of the Sacred Heart church, which is located on the same grounds (to the left of the parish office)  
 
 
 
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50

--- Page 41 ---
Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility -   https://brisbanecatholic.org.au/safeguarding/ 
Safeguarding Officer (relating to child safety and adults at risk) Robyn Hunt Safeguarding officer - contact lsr.surfers@bne.catholic.net.au  
Safeguarding  (Children and adults-at-risk)- The Archdiocese of Brisbane Whistleblower Hotline 1300 30 45 50
